Article: I am in shambles. I have been in the hospital for almost five days. Came in for a bad UTI. They needed to perform a cystoscopy on me and inserted a catheter before my procedure. They asked me twice if I was allergic to latex. I said yes. The nurse said “oh.. what kind of reaction do you have to it?” And I explained my hands/skin swells, gets blistery/rashy  and suuuper inflamed. I was supposed to go home 3 hours after my procedure. But then- the most unimaginable pain I’ve ever felt- and I’m tough. I’ve had my stomach cut open to remove a small melon sized cyst/my fallopian tube, I’ve had my spine FUSED, and I’ve had my tonsils out at 25 which was also veryyyyyy horrifying, but nothing like this procedure. Holy fucking hell. I didn’t know pain like that existed. I’ve never screamed that way. No one could touch me or I would spasm and scream at the top of my lungs. Well, the hospital had been extremely vague about my issues. I’m still here, still bleeding, unable to pee on my own at 30 years old. Today a friend came to advocate for me and the doctor finally admitted the first catheter put in was LATEX.  What the hell do I do? Is this what’s causing my to be in so much pain and lose so much blood? There’s not much online about this. Any help is appreciated.
  
    Edit: 30, F, Type 2 diabetes and High blood pressure. Both controlled with meds and diet. PCOS. Minor bladder issues (weak pelvic floor),ADHD, Anxiety.
  
    (Lisinopril, amplodopine, metformin,mounjaro, Ritalin, lexapro)
  
    Came in for a bad UTI. I was running back and forth to the bathroom constantly so they put in a foley. The blood was leaking everywhere because the nurse forgot to clamp one of the three. They were using the one with three to irrigate my bladder. Then I went into get my cystoscopy. They immediately told me they tok my catheter out and I just said okay because I didn’t know any better. I started having terrible pain shortly after the anesthesia wore off. Today one doctor admitted my first catheter was LATEX. I’ve been here wsy longer than I should and I’ve never been in so much pain and wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy.

Article: Hi. This post is probably going to be lengthy so I appreciate anyone who takes the times to read it. I am truly at the end of my rope.
  
    I am a 23 year old female. While my health has never been the most optimal, I was a functioning human being up until the morning of March 11th, 2020. I am not even exaggerating when I say that my entire life changed in the blink of an eye. I was fine, and then I wasn’t.
  
    I woke up with a really bad headache. It felt different than most headache’s I’ve had before. All I know is it was excruciating. I took some advil, hoping it would subside. But it never did. That’s right. I have had the headache every single second, minute, hour since 9:00 am on March 11th, 2020. It is the most debilitating thing I have ever experienced. I truly do not know how I’ve held on this long. No doctor has been able to figure it out. I’ve tried so many migraine meds, botox, nerve blocks, nothing helps. The pain does vary in severity throughout the day but it never goes below a 5 and it’s usually a 7-8. When it’s a 10, I am puking and contemplating ending my life. I do not sleep. My brain feels like it’s degenerating. I am in a constant fog. My cognitive decline is so bad.
  
    The headaches aren’t the only thing that happened. After that date, it seems like so many other of my body’s functions & organs started to decline. I developed POTS (diagnosed by a cardiologist) but that doesn’t explain everything. Whenever I stand, my entire world is spinning, my blood pressure drops, and my heart begins racing.
  
    My bladder doesn’t work right anymore. My bladder constantly hurts, is overactive, and I am incontinent. I can drink a few sips of water and my entire bladder seems to COMPLETELY fill up immediately after, which makes no sense to me at all. I leak so much. I feel elderly.
  
    Constant GI issues. I had GI issues prior to this date, but things are getting progressively worse to the point where I am literally scared to consume food. But I still do, because I need to f*cking eat. I just deal with the consequences. Severe esophagus burning, stabbing pains in my stomach, either diarrhea/constipation never normal stools. External hemorrhoids Always nauseous
  
    My joints and bones hurts so bad 24/7. I recently found out I have osteopenia but I don’t think that causes pain.
  
    I have a chronic wet/whooping cough, even if I’m not sick. I had this since I was younger but it’s getting progressively worse. I have so much difficulty breathing. The only thing I can think of that could possibly have caused this is that I had pneumonia twice, once when I was 7 and another time when I was 18. And bronchitis more times than I can count.
  
    In addition to my headACHE, I also have horrendous scalp pain. You know that feeling when you take your hair out after it’s been in a ponytail all day and your “hair hurts?” It’s like that but 30x more painful like literal burning. Any movement of my hair is so painful. I also have significant hair loss.
  
    This symptom has really started within the past 2 years, but all of a sudden my circadian rhythm completely changed. I am free running. My “sleep” schedule cycles around the clock but generally my body likes to be waking up when everyone else in the world is going to bed (11 pm - 12 am), and going to bed in the afternoon or early evening. I say sleep in quotations because I barely sleep. When I do, the quality is so poor and I constantly wake up. I’ve always been a night owl but this is horrendous and debilitating because no matter how much I try to fix it, my body keeps reverting back. I often go 24-48 hours without any sleep.
  
    Some other symptoms I have on a daily basis is chest pain, tinnitus, constant pins & needles/neuropathy throughout my body, declining vision, and vertigo.
  
    There are so many other symptoms but these are the main things. I’m crying as I type this because I don’t know what to do. I am on disability income, I cannot work, I cannot go to school anymore. My life came to a halt on March 11th, 2020. I’ve been to so many doctors for my headache especially and I’m at the point where I just want to give up. I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I am 23 and I had so many aspirations and dreams. Now I feel like a complete invalid. Useless. Not contributing to society. I don’t do anything. It’s extremely rare that I am able to leave the house.
  
    bone density scan results: https://imgur.com/gallery/wc47hOq

    head CTA results: https://imgur.com/gallery/IaBztgr

    brain mri with contrast results: https://imgur.com/gallery/Fffrdr6

    CERVICAL** spine mri myelogram results:  https://imgur.com/gallery/yi2uMSc (not sure what the findings mean on this one. doc never followed up about it)
  
    Any insight at all would be so incredibly appreciated. I just want to live again. Or at least improve my quality of life. I cant keep doing this.
  
    ETA:
  
    Doctors I have seen:
  


    My PCP, regularly
  


    Neurologist, I see him regularly.
  


    Pain management doctor, nerve blocks didn’t work
  


    Cardiologist, dxed me with POTS
  


    Neurosurgeon (because on a recent brain scan there was an unruptured brain aneurysm found that needs close monitoring)
  


    GI doctor
  


    Rheumatologist, diagnosed me with Ehlers-danlos but I truly don’t see how that explains the sudden shift in my health to this extent. She didn’t do any bloodwork for autoimmune disease for some reason.
  


    Neuro-ophthalmologist. Ruled out IIH. Even though my weight is fine, it was something my neuro wanted to rule out.
  


    Hematologist. Only thing that was found was very low ferritin which I have been taking iron for multiple months now, but no change in health.
  


    ETA:
  
    It’s really hard to describe my headache but I will try, if that helps. It basically feels like my head has a very tight band around it and my head is fizzling all over. Like a fizzy drink. and literal pins and needles throughout my entire head. Coupled with the aforementioned burning scalp
  
    I am 5’4 and 150 lbs currently.

Article: I 28F went to my male doctor once again due to heavy periods, cramps, etc. Even when I'm off my period it would immobilize me, causing me to miss work (once a week now at least) he has always declined referring me to other specialists. I wanted him to refer me to an obgyn, as well as someone who could help with mental health. He never refers me. I've been trying to find a new doctor for 4 years but he's the only one accepting patients...hmmm...
  
    Anyway, thats not really a huge part of the story but I did casually mention a partial hysterectomy (I just wanted him to know it's in my head for the future)
  
    I had to remind him I am only interested in women. There was a female student doctor who told me there's no one out there that would do that for me at my age and I repeated that I just wanted it to be known that I wanted it, and I understood it can't be now. And that I was gay. I don't want kids. My partner of 5 years does not want kids. We will not come up with the money to create kids and take care of them.
  
    My doctor asked the following qustions that I tried to order correctly:
  
    "How long have you been gay? How old were you?" "Have you been gay the entire time you've been my patient?" "How did you know you were gay?" "How many men have you been with?" "How many men have you been with before you were 18?" "How many women?" "Why do you like women more than men? Do you like women physical features more" "Have you been sexually abused by men?"
  
    By the end I was nearly in tears but I couldn't help but laugh and look at the female student doctors reaction. The male doctor said "naproxen, that's it" and the female student doctor said "we should get an ultrasound done" and the male doctor declined and left. The female student doctor dug into a drawer and pulled out a business card. And said "if you have any concerns with today call this number" and sent me on my way. I looked it up and it was upper management of the clinic I was at. She must have wanted me to report it?
  
    He has always made me uncomfortable because every time I see him outside the clinic, he wraps his arm around me and pulls me to his chest. I never considered it a hug. Just being inappropriate. He's asked for discounts where I work too. He knows I have anxiety and I've been trying to get over it for years. I think im over thinking but I just wrote it all out here...now I think im not overreacting at all. He always asks about me at my other family members appointments. My family thinks he's weird with me.
  
    Tell me I'm not crazy and that he's just weird?
  
    Edit: okay. I'll report him. I feel like this is something that is difficult for me to do as I see him outside of his job a lot. I don't want to speak to him ever again let alone confront him
  
    Edit again: the heavy cramping and bleeding has happened within the last 2 years but the last 3 months have been agonizing. There has been no ultrasound since my complaints. I was searched for endometriosis in 2016 because i bled out my belly button during and after my  period since puberty. They found and fixed a hernia near my belly button during the search, since then 0 bleeding from my belly button. But no endometriosis. This had nothing to do with my current doctor. But quite frankly I have dismissed the whole bloody belly button ever since the laproscopy as its been fixed.

Article: I'm 27 AFAB, 5'6, 290lbs. Diagnosed with hypothyroidism, PCOS, Fibromyalgia, Aura Migraines, Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Multiple Vitamin Deficiencies, Anemia, and IBS (also DR considers me "medically sensitive" since I've had multiple bad reactions to medications OTC and prescription). Medications: Levothyroxine, DEPO Provera (shot form), Gabapentin (low dose to see if I can tolerate it), Topiramate, Propranolol, Cyclobenzaprine (as needed), and Promethazine (as needed). I also have an Albuterol inhaler just in case as well as some vitamins/a daily multivitamin.
  
    I've had a persistent cough since I was a child. It was productive and often lead to chronic respiratory infections that got worse during the spring and winter. I have chronic sinusitis (part of my obstructive sleep apnea) as according to my ENT my nose developed "too small". It's proportionate to my face but my nasal passages are small (no extra cartilage. just small). My tongue is also "too big" and gets stuck in the back of my throat at night, compounding the problem. I use a CPAP when the coughing isn't bad and it works well. I tend to have a lot of mucus in my throat at all times, usually due to the acid reflux. It makes it hard for me to swallow some days. Also my nose is constantly draining or becoming congested and while I've tried methods to deal with it, it's an uphill battle.
  
    THE ISSUE AT HAND: Over the past three weeks, I've been hacking up large chunks of white mucus. They're usually sticky or frothy. Sometimes they're like ropes that I've almost choked on trying to get out. I've had something similar when I had pneumonia in 2019. I'm not having any other sickness symptoms (no increase in frequency of my cough, no fever, no runny nose, etc.). I am nauseous and a bit more tired though, but with all my other conditions who knows why I'm tired and nauseous all of a sudden. However, sometimes when I take deep breaths I can hear/feel like a faint crackling. Also, right before the mucus comes up I get a chest pain that goes away once I've hacked it up. (Sorry I know this is gross).
  
    I'm starting to get concerned because it's different from the time I had pneumonia and it's not like any other time I've gotten sick. My COVID tests keep coming back negative too. I can't get an appointment with my doctor until the last week of this month, so I'm making this post more to ease my anxiety until then. I saw a pulmonologist in the spring and they ruled out asthma/COPD. I did have a few weeks of pleurisy back to back around the time of the Canadian wildfires and every time my body tries to push through a period I get a 48hr "flu" (which happened at the end of October) so I know that put a lot of stress on my system.  Literally as I'm typing this it's happening again. It's incredibly uncomfortable and I would like it to stop.
  
    I just can't figure out why this is happening. I've been looking at mucus color charts and wracking my brain to figure out why my cough is doing weird shit all of a sudden.

Article: I'm female and in my early 50s and have suffered with low iron levels, mainly around 11 but can go up to 20, which affects my energy greatly. This has been from before my periods that started at 12 to now where I'm about 3 years into my menopause. I'm currently on levothyroxine and HRT and have psoriasis. I take ferrous sulphate tablets fairly regularly. I've had low B12 levels, twice in the last 12 years, which required a course of injections and it is monitored yearly. I became vegetarian at 15 but do eat a lot of iron rich foods and started eating chicken and fish 20 years ago. I had a sample taken for bowel cancer recently which was negative. And also had a coeliac blood test in the summer which was negative. I'm sick of waking up feeling shattered every day of my life and this has been prior to being diagnosed with hypothyroidism which was 10 years ago. I'm a healthy weight and walk and run a few miles regularly as well as doing other sports. I slept well up until the menopause. I'm not depressed but I'm in the process of getting an ADHD/autism diagnosis and have been told by 2 clinicians that I probably have dyspraxia and hypermobility. Do I need further tests for why my iron is so low or  does every other ailment I have added together mean they make me tired? I don't think the hypothyroidism counts as much as this has been going on long before that diagnosis though I do recognise it impacts me now too. ETA: I had a gastroscopy 6 years ago and there were no issues detected.

Article: My son is 2.5 year old male weighs about 37 pounds and about 3 ft tall he actually just lost 2 pounds since his last drs visit? He was born at 33 weeks via emergency c section because he was in distress and was in nicu for a month. He needed bilirubin on and off and oxygen for about an hour.
  
    He has since been pretty healthy. He did go to er about 2 months or so ago for an injury he got playing outside and they did a ct scan on him. Found swollen lymph nodes and the lymph node in his chest was enlarged. Pedals did cbc and said his levels looked good and that was that.
  
    Now he has started getting this marking on his chest. It is always on his chest. It is not raised, he does not itch it, and it goes away on its own. This has been accompanied by dark red very hot cheeks. His primary just said she didn’t know and to get more pics and sent us on our way.
  
    Does anyone know what this could be?

Article: I’m a 32F who has had migraines for a few years now. Just got my MRI results yesterday and it says extensive white matter abnormalities with several focal lesions. I’m scared this is going to be MS. I see a neurologist this week. Any experience with these abnormalities that end up not being associated with MS?

Article: Hello, im 23M and recently remembered an event that happened 7 or so years ago. When I was a teen (about 16 or so), I hit my head on top of the door and required 5 or so stitches. I'm wondering what type of stitches are used on the scalp (absorbable/non absorbable) because I remember I had an appointment for getting my stitches removed which I missed and never got another one. After that I never really mentioned it much again, as I remember me even going to the hairdresser once shortly after, and being too embarrassed to mention it, even while getting my hair combed and feeling immense pain as she went through the stitches with a comb. Is it possible that skin grew over them without any sort of reaction and that I still have them in my scalp years later?

Article: FINDINGS: Vertebral body height and alignment are maintained. No acute bone marrow edema. T2 hyperintense right renal lesion, favor simple cyst. Conus medullaris terminates at an appropriate level.
  
    T12-L1, L1-L2, L2-L3: No central canal neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L3-L4: Generalized disc bulge with facet arthropathy no significant spinal canal narrowing. Mild right neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L4-L5: Generalized disc bulge with central disc herniation and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy results in anterior impression on the thecal sac with mild to moderate central canal stenosis and mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L5-S1: Generalized disc bulge results in mild central canal stenosis and bilateral lateral recess stenosis as well as moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.....
  
    wtf does this all mean?

Article: Age: 24 M Weight: 10 stone Height: 5’9 Medications: None
  
    I’ve been having this symptom for years now and it’s a constant backdrop of my life. I find it so hard to put into words, but I will try my best.
  
    It’s like an overwhelming irritability in my face and neck. My face feels really dry/tight, almost as if I had some sort of face paint on. Simultaneously, there’s a subtle dryness in my eyes and throat. In my neck it’s more like a restless/full feeling that urges me to stretch it.
  
    These sensations ebb and flow concurrently, and can linger for days. They feel like some sort of flare up, but I can’t quite put my finger on what triggers it. I have had plenty of blood tests and nothing out of the ordinary aside from slightly low b12, which i am now addressing.
  
    Any help would be much appreciated.
  
    Cheers.

Article: 21, F, 323 lbs
  
    Hi! I recently posted here regarding concerns about my status  as a pre diabetic and how I could find out my status so far, since I was diagnosed sometime in January. I was concerned because I haven’t actually been trying actively to make lifestyle changes, nor consistently. Starting November 11th, though, I made a complete 180. I started myself on a very low carb diet while still getting the calories and protein and fats I need, and started getting more than 8 hours of sleep a day. I also started drinking more than 32 ounces of water a day, and starting exercising A LITTLE. I weighed in at 329 on the 11th. Today, the 14th, I weighed in at 323. I’m only concerned because I have never lost that much weight that quickly. I was reminded by someone that two pounds of that could be fluctuating weight, so I really could have lost 3-4 pounds, but that’s still a little crazy to me. Should I be concerned? I’m feeling far better than I have in other news!
  
    PS: I get retested for diabetes early next week, so that’ll be when it’s actually confirmed

Article: Hi!
  
    I looked up this thread in hopes of finding some advice on how people manage persistent athletes foot and fungal toenails.
  
    I (22F) have had issues with both ever since I could remember. It has maybe been a year or so since I started to properly invest in footcare, and care about foot hygiene, and I have noticed that my usual symptoms of athletes foot (itchiness and flaky skin) have definitely gotten better. I have made sure to clean and dry them properly daily, and I use the lush "T for Toes" powder after every shower (it is infused with tea tree which I heard helps prevent fungal growth). Does anybody have any advice as to what other natural remedies there are available to me to help me get rid of athletes foot completely?
  
    Aside from this, I have really struggled to find the reasoning behind why the tips of my pinkie and big toenails are starting to turn brownish/yellow, and constantly have an unpleasant cheesy smell which I notice when I cut my toenails. I haven't been able to get rid of this smell.
  
    I know that this is also most likely caused by fungus, but I try to keep my feet out of my shoes and socks as much as I can every day to prevent fungal growth. I shower every day, sometimes twice a day. From what I know, my normal foot hygiene doesn't look much different to the average person, so I don't understand where I am going wrong. Also, does nail polish make this condition worse? I like to paint my toenails often.
  
    I would appreciate any advice!

Article: Hi docs! I’m Male, 35, 5”10, no drugs or alcohol, recently circumcised (4 days ago) due to phimosis, and I’m looking for some advice.
  
    It would appear that after my procedure, I’m healing well - I don’t see any complications arising so I’m really happy about that, but I want to ask about sensitivity.
  
    As expected, the head of my penis is incredibly sensitive right now, like I have to walk around with my wang out at all times because even underwear is unbearable, I have to be 100% friction free. I was wondering, would it be safe for me to put a small amount of germalene or other numbing cream on the head of my penis just to numb it a bit? I’ve also seen some sprays that are intended to delay premature ejaculation, if that has the same numbing effect maybe I could use that? If there’s even a remote danger, I wouldn’t consider it, so I thought I should ask here.
  
    Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

Article: My mother gut makes me question my almost 4 year olds health and I am worried about being naive and missing something, I want to make sure I’m not.
  
    Background- Born healthy right before Covid. Aside from heart murmur that was benign, no concerns at all. All physical and emotional milestones normal. Only issues ever were constant ear infections and she got tubes. Extremely active family and very good healthy eater.
  
    A few months before turning 3 she got really sick. Assumed it was just a simple virus but after 2 weeks she got worse. Main concern was a 105+ temp, under armpit. Could not get temp below 103ish no matter what we tried. Spells of incoherency, vomiting, dehydration, everything under the sun. Pediatricians sent to ER 3 times within one month to get fluids/checked out. Never any new information provided and we would be sent home only for her to be just as bad within a couple hours. Day 27 in a row of temps above 105 (no longer than 2-3 hours max below the 104 mark) she was finally admitted into the hospital. She tested positive for 5 viruses including mono. This was after multiple rounds of oral antibiotics/steroids. Doctors said she just got really unlucky with a pile up of things at once. With constant IV fluids and antibiotics for 4 days, she still would not eat, slept 20ish hours a day, and her temp would never break for longer than a couple hours if at all. Doctors began showing a lot of concern and mentioning testing they were going to begin and how the process of elimination would work. Tested negative for lyme but did not make it to autoimmune testing because finally night 5 her fever broke. After 24 hours fever free we were sent home. She slowly but surely got better.
  
    Fast forward she’s now almost 4, it’s exactly a year later. She has gotten sick COUNTLESS times since this all happened. Every time, she seems so much sicker than any of our other kids. Her fevers also are always high (104,105)  and she can’t get out of bed. Even when our younger child has the same illness, she is wayyy worse.
  
    Peds have done blood work 3 times in the past year because of how sick she gets and they want to check her blood counts. They always say her blood counts are good give or take some minor things just due to the current virus, and that some kids just are like this.
  
    I’m just wondering if this is how things really are sometimes because I’ve never met another typically healthy child who gets this sick. I am not a doctor and have tried not to overact. But I want to make sure I’m not being naive or nonchalant.
  
    Typing all this while she has a 104.3 temp currently and some respiratory virus it seems. My 2 year old appears to have the same thing but no temp and is acting normal.
  
    Thanks to anyone who read this.
  
    Sincerely, a mama who loves her baby ❤️

Article: I, 25F have sharted (shit while farting) I’d say 3 days in the last month.
  
    Not consecutively and not all day the first 2 times. This last tame started yesterday. I took a BM early at work. I wipe until the TP is white and I continue on my day. But the entire day upto and including this morning, if I fart i will end up wiping my ass like I left it dirty. Its happened every time I’ve gone pee.
  
    I can’t find any rhyme or reason. I started changing my diet and eating healthier about 4 months ago. I usually only eat 1-2 meals a day. And I eat the same things: grapes, apples, bananas, peanuts, cashews, strawberries, ice cream, pretzels and chips for snacks; stir fry, pasta, eggs with a carb, Thai curry, for meals (lunch options are limited around here.) there’s been no real change since this started happening other than we stopped getting Indian food every Friday this past month (samosa chaat and chicken tika Marsala) and Halloween candy.
  
    I take birth control and smoke weed 2-3 days a week to help with my muscle pains. I have fibromyalgia, anxiety, depression and OCD. My BM has always been a little weird. I only poop once every 2 days or so, but I’ve pooped 4 times in the past 2 days. I feel gross and dirty and like I can’t keep myself clean

Article: Age 28
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 5,7
  
    Weight 220
  
    Race White
  
    Few days ago I had a bad panic attack and couldn’t get my heart to slow down because it was beating really fast..after a few hours It calmed down to normal but ever since my chest has been sore should I go to the er and get it checked out?

Article: My mom (female, not smoker, going to turn 50 soon)  has immense headaches on regular basis. Currently, she had been feeling pain constantly for few days, she said that it's in the front part of the skull above her left eye to around the half of her sculp. Today, as I am writing this, the pain is so immense she can barely do anything. She has been to the doctor, neurologist, and he told her that she has 3 types of headaches at once but he didn't really help much, just gave some pills to ease the pain, not to actually treat the headaches. I want to really help my mom, do u have any suggestions, ideas, anything that could help her?

Article: -33F -Canada 5"2 -Pre pregnancy weight 144lbs -Current weight 156lbs -17 weeks pregnant 2nd pregnancy -Just stopped breastfeeding 2 year old -Taking prenatals (pregvite) + extra folic acid due to tethered spine (received the surgery 3 years ago) -Taking Tylenol with caffeine for migraines -No other medications
  
    Since giving birth 2 years ago I have been extremely tired. I blamed it on pregnancy and giving birth, then breastfeeding. I have had multiple symptoms such as extreme fatigue, feeling of not being able to breath properly since my c-section, shortness of breath (reading a book to my daughter is even difficult), migraines, and just recently heart palpitations, memory impairment. I've been telling this all to my doctor for 2 years with nothing to come if it.
  
    I had blood work done Nice 9th and these amounts were flagged as low:
  
    RBC: 3.73 Hemoglobin: 114 Hematocrit: .341

Article: Age - 35
  
    Sex - Male
  
    Race - White
  
    Weight - 230
  
    Duration - 1 week
  
    Medical History - Anxiety, Depression, ADHD
  
    Current Meds - Wellbutrin(200mg), Venlafaxine (35.5mg)
  
    I recently had Venlafaxine added to my prescriptions I am taking. I haven't been sleeping very well (just not feeling tired, constantly feeling wide awake) which I knew could happen, that's all fine and good. I am a bit jittery as well, with the inability to really sit still. The weird thing I'm having though is that I feel like I can't control my hands at times? I don't really know how else to explain it... Basically, my hands will just grip really hard while being extremely shaky. It doesn't last long, maybe 3-5 seconds when it does happen, but it is very unnerving when my body is doing something like that without me consciously trying to do so. Is this a normal side effect? Is this something I should bring up with my doctor? Or is it just part of the jittery-ness that will likely subside after getting more used to the medication?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 19M, 5'6, 66kg. The only existing medical issue i'm aware of is scoliosis and low blood pressure. I don't drink, smoke or use drugs, and i'm in Italy.
  
    I'm unsure when it started exactly, but it has probably been atleast 6-8 months. During the day i'm usually doing various things and don't think about my water intake nearly as much as i should, but more recently i've been noticing how i'll have a 1,5 liter bottle of water sitting by me for multiple days. The only time where i drink a bit more is when i go to the gym, and at best it's half a liter. I don't drink soda, and whenever i do push myself to drink some water, not too long after and i pass it right out with clear urine as if i was drinking too much.
  
    This would all be fine and dandy to me even if a bit weird, but i've been noticing how every now and then i just have moments of extreme lightheadedness, weakness and confusion that have never happened to me before, and could only connect it to my water intake since i've had blood pressure problems since forever and its never done this.
  
    If i try to drink past a certain amount of water i'll literally have to go to the bathroom multiple times in the same hour, and it also doesn't feel good at all. The only reason i haven't gone to get this checked out is because it's not a problem that impacts how i feel all the time, it's just sometimes i have these weird moments that i described earlier.
  
    What should i do?

Article: Hello all, I’ve (M25) been seeing multiple ENT specialists and primary care doctors for this issue and none of them have turned up any useful information the entire past year, so I turn to you for help with my next steps.
  
    My primary issue is that on both sides of the center of my throat, there is something causing clicking, and it causes me sharp and also lingering pain, and can even get so bad as to cause headaches and nausea from time to time just because of how uncomfortable I become. After doing research I’m unsure what it is aside from possibly something called a clicking hyoid, and even then I’m not sure because I worry they could be lumps of some kind.
  
    I’ve gotten a CT scan, ultrasound, and x-ray of my neck and upper body and they pulled up nothing, so is it safe to rule out cancer or anything just yet? The doctors seemed to think so.
  
    Another issue I’m having is with lots of mucus buildup and foam in my throat. Sometimes this makes it difficult to burp and it sometimes even feels like my airways are being constricted while I lay down. I also have issues with snoring and am unsure if these are related to either of the above.
  
    I have no prior history of medical issues, though my mother has had breast cancer.
  
    Thank you for any advice you can give, it would really help with figuring out what is going on with me!
  
    Edit: I’m 5’ 11” and ~235 lbs. in case that information is relevant!

Article: Hello, I'm lance, male, 20 years old. I have this red spot on my finger, I recently got into an accident where the middle of my nail is cut along with my nail fold. I don't know if its a dried blood on my finger but no matter how many times I wash it, it stays there. And I'm overthinking if its a mole? Like melanoma haha

Article: Hey all. End of September I was dealing with Covid for the 2nd time, and I primarily dealt with upper respiratory and acid reflux. A week or 2 after recovery, morning after eating pizza it’s like a switch has flipped. I had intense bloating and abdominal pain, burning, sweating, no appetite, throat felt full, and I panicked.
  
    Prior to this experience, I also began to have anxiety out of nowhere. I have never dealt with it but it came out of nowhere. I feel like it also spiraled me into this. I decided to go to my urgent care clinic, and the doctor there checked my vitals and gave me an EKG which was good. She suspected it to be acute gastritis. So she prescribed 20mg of omeprazole. I took it for about 4 days and I wasn’t feeling any better, so I finally decided to go to my PCP. I was starting to lose weight from not eating, and he was concerned so he ordered some tests. I got my bloodwork done and everything was fine, just a low AST value which probably meant my vitamin B was low. Also my IGA level was a little low but my TTG IGA antibody was perfect.
  
    Stool test as well, tested for H pylori, celiac, calprotectin, parasites, etc. Those results also came back normal. So at this point I’m just at loss. I was hoping for a positive for h pylori so I could finally just treat myself. Then I had a whole ordeal ordering my CT scan bc my insurance said it wasn’t “necessary”. Finally got it though and it’s tomorrow, but I’m just freaking out. Past few weeks I have tried hard to stick to a bland diet, had some minor setbacks thinking I was better since I felt good for a few days. Had black pepper the other night and it absolutely destroyed me.
  
    I’m constantly weighing myself and have become a hypochondriac because I just want an answer. I’m always looking at myself in the mirror. It’s not like I’m a twig right now, I’m 5’10 177 currently (used to weigh around 183-185). But I myself notice it. I’m constantly looking for reassurance from my mom, who is a nurse, and my girlfriend.
  
    I just feel weak overall and have 0 motivation. I like to stay home all day and dwell in my room. I want this to be over and I want to have my life back. I will say my diet prior to this was not great. As a college student who commutes an hour to school, I would go without eating the entire day until I got home and absolutely gorged into the food. I was also infamous for eating super late and laying down right after eating. I also used to drink seltzer drinks a lot, no soda though.
  
    Some of my symptoms have subsided. But I wake up in the morning with intense anxiety and some nausea. Deal with acid reflux occasionally so I take famotadine for that. I just want a fricken answer, not sure if it’s gerd, gastritis, or both idk. If my CT comes back clean I don’t know what to do. I might try to push for an endoscopy but they are literally months out which is ridiculous.
  
    I’ve also been dealing with muscle twitching lately, in my right arm, eyelid, legs, feet, etc. I stopped taking my multivitamin because it has citric acid and sugar, which I feel like would cause me to flare up.
  
    If anyone can relate or just provide some guidance, it would be greatly appreciated. Sorry for the long shpeel!

Article: F21 recently i’ve been waking up in the middle of the night, with a sharp stabbing pain on the left side of my chest. It usually goes away within a minute or two and i can’t barely remember waking up from it anymore.
  
    when the pain goes away i fall right back asleep. It doesn’t happen during the day at all either. As far as i can remember it’s usually once a night, every night.
  
    I’m not sure what would cause this? I get heart palpitations during the day and i do have some stomach issues but it feels nothing like that and it’s painful enough to wake me. Thoughts?

Article: It's been a week later and I struggled to fall asleep until 6:00am this morning and now I'm barely up drinking tons of caffeine to wake up and I can't even keep focus in my morning meetings. This has been my routine for 2 years now. I can't keep it up. I'm going to break.
  
    Located in Canada 32yo and desperate for answers cause right now I'm really upset and feel trapped in a medical spiral. I can't function like this much longer, I'm begging for help at this point. I'm not getting answers anywhere and I'm literally crying into a void I feel so helpless so yeah I'm gonna ask here cause it seems everyone thinks I just want to get "JACKED" and be "HARD"... I'm just a regular everyday nerdy guy I haven't even been to a gym in YEARS!
  
    I really do not understand why I wasn't given HRT a week ago and want to know why I wouldn't be given it when I'm quite confident I am the ideal candidate right now. (I don't want to even call it TRT-- I'm not a gymrat, I'm the furthest thing from a bodybuilder, I'm not looking for sports performance, I'm looking to be able to function in my day to day! I'm a NERD!!!).
  
    It sounded more like he was worried about my little bit of body fat and wanted to put me on ozempic. (I have no chin due to severe underbite I've always had my entire life and had to shave for a different thing, so I had no beard to hide my lack of chin so my bit of weight looked way heavier on me than it is. I'm ~220lbs right now at 5'10 and a shoulder span that fits a door I'm not a small dude even if I was anorexic and I was once upon a time) Frankly ozempic scares me a lot more than TRT based on studies and people's stories coming out, and feels like it's attacking a symptom (excess fat deposits, which have been directly aimed at being a symptom of low testosterone levels).
  
    My diet has no pop in it to cut out, my diet has no chips to cut out, my diet does not involve walmart cakes or ice creams or whatever.  If I did then sure I'd say yeah cut out the diet and get to the gym. But I really don't, frankly most days I don't eat enough cause I am too tired/unmotivated to even get up and cook.
  
    My parents say it's cause I'm lazy too. And I'm like maybe? I just can't make up the drive when I'm tired from work to cook a meal. I just can't. My life now I see my test results I can tell is falling apart because of hormones and I can't do squat about it. I'm "low mood" I'm not motivated, I'm tired and it's a perpetual wheel.
  
Symptoms:

    Constant fatigue regardless of sleep, regardless of diet, regardless of stimulation. Extreme emotional outbursts and emotional swings at times. Completely dysregulated sleep because it's super incredibly hard to initially fall asleep (once I'm asleep it's not a problem, I definitely don't have sleep apnea) like I'll spend hours rolling in bed. I struggle to keep focus thorough the day.
  
    Is this impacting my day to day? Yes 100%. My sleep has become "biphasic" where I am pushing at my ( job and then I'm so fatigued overtired that I either go to my bed and lay down or I'm going to fall over in my chair. (I'm just a WFH desk job not a physical job at all I shouldn't be this tired). My job is also definitely at risk because of lack of focus and I've been zoning out of meetings and been spacey and all the rest. I'm going to lose my job at this rate.
  
    1.) Back in May I got this testosterone test
  


    Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final May 25, 2023 04:00 PM Testosterone, Total 6.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Below normal range
  


    This wasn't even being actively searched for, this was taken as a part of me non-stop complaining (and I was complaining since last year, mid-late 2022 I was disastrously tired and only in May did I find this result! I was laid off of my last job in Septermber no doubt in part of how fatigued I was! This is DIRECTLY RUINING MY LIFE.)
  
    But testosterone didn't pass my mind. Thought thyroid stimulating hormone (my dad and sister are on that) or something else. I have never and will never go to a doctor outright demanding "gym performance" drugs
  
    2.) Months later followup tests (I almost had a breakdown when I found out how long I had to wait)
  
    I'll just copy/paste the entire screen and put test at the top. I know SHBG and LH and the rest impact it so I won't just ignore it.
  


    Testosterone, Free Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Free 237.8 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 175.0-700.0 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  


    For free testosterone for a 32Y old male this is super low, also this is being taken at the start of the morning from the timing and so my levels just absolutely tank later in the day. Also from what I've been told this reference range includes everything from young males all the way to 80 year old men.
  
    I am not okay being at the level of an 80 year old man at 32!
  
    2. Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Total 8.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    Same thing as above, why is this okay? This is clearly pushing the absolute bottom of the barrel first thing in the morning. I'm about to have a breakdown even as I read this. How does this not fully indicate that I have a huge testosterone problem?
  
    3.) Rest of the results
  3. Glucose, Fasting Status:Final Oct 27, 2023 12:12 PM Glucose, Fasting 4.7 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 3.3-6.0 (mmol/L) Abnormality: - Hours Fasting 8.0 hour(s) Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
    Abnormality: -
  
    4. Prolactin Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Prolactin 16.9 ug/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <21.0 (ug/L) Abnormality: -
  
    5.  Calcium Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Calcium 2.40 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 2.10-2.60 (mmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    6. Estradiol Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Estradiol 66 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <160 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    7. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) 3.4 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <7.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    8. Cortisol, AM Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Cortisol AM 688 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 120-620 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Above normal range
  
    9. Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) 2.52 mIU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 0.20-6.50 (mIU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    10. .Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Luteinizing Hormone (LH) 2.0 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <12.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    11. Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) 44 ng/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 15-65 (ng/L) Abnormality: -
  
    12. Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) 16 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 6-65 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    13. Creatinine Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Creatinine 84 umol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 50-120 (umol/L) Abnormality: - eGFR 106 mL/min/1.73m2 Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
  

    59 (mL/min/1.73m2) Abnormality: -
  

    14. Hemoglobin A1c Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Hemoglobin A1c 5.6 % Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 4.3-5.9 (%) Abnormality: -
  
    Honestly I'm at the point where I don't know why the hesitancy at all for me. I've been struggling since late 2022 (at the least) with this exhaustion thinking it was something else and finally got results in May to show low testosterone.
  
    I'm not okay. I do not understand why the hesitancy meanwhile we have trans individuals (rightfully so) get this on a regular basis for gender affirming care. Is it not safe? Like I feel I'm being given a run around.
  
    I want to be able to function. I can't even bring up the motivation to make a meal for myself to eat let alone drive to the gym or anything else. I don't even shower anymore becauwse it's so exhausting. This is literally ruining my life.

Article: I have a high pain tolerance (according to a neurologist who performed a sensory test on me 15+ years ago, needles inserted throughout my body).
  
    When I first got an IUD 7 years ago, I went to a clinic. Once I secured an ob/gyn (new insurance), I notified them of the cramping I was enduring, and they discovered the IUD was inserted improperly/not fully in. They replaced it via ultrasound, and for the second time in my life, I nearly passed out due to the pain.
  
    I'm now anxious about the upcoming replacement, and as I was researching online and Reddit, a nurse suggested I ask for a misoprostol to soften the cervix. They called and said they normally do not prescribe this to patients any more, but they will call it in since I've asked for it.
  
    Is there a reason why this isn't advised? I told them I'm willing to take their suggestions, but last time, I had to lay in the office for 30 minutes after nearly passing out.
  
    What's the consensus on this?
  
    My ex had pain meds with his vasectomy...all they've suggested is ibuprofen prior to the procedure, , but that doesn't do much for my pain, in any case.
  
    Thank you

Article: I’ve been having a weird eye thing going on for about 9 months.
  
    If I look at a fixed object, keep looking at it and lower my head down, I see a black circle appear in each eye. The more I tilt my head down, the darker the circles get. As soon as I lift my head up they go away.
  
    37F, very obese (working on it!), daily vape usage. Depression/anxiety (lexapro and lamictal), migraines 4-5x monthly (sumatriptan PRN). I’m very nearsighted (20/500, 20/600) and wear contacts daily (-7.5). My mom has macular degeneration.
  
    What’s going on and should I be worried?

Article: I've already booked a visit with an ent, but what is wrong with my tonsils? Is that just a normal way tonsils look? 31F, 5'5'', 160lbs
  
    Photo: https://i.imgur.com/CG8Qidk.jpg

Article: I have to add this for the rules, I'm 29, male, non smoker, and im on no medication.
  
    I recently went to a urologist explaining a concern I have been having.
  
    I explained what I think I have and I said the first main reason expressing my concern from my research, but I was immediately shot down being told its normal.
  
    Well I know it could be, but it's been going on long enough for me to feel concerned and regardless, I just wanted to be properly tested.
  
    I'm also not confident about all the symptoms because they have been mild and inconsistent. But I didn't get to express those.
  
    He asked me a bunch of questions of possible symptoms and kept making me feel stupid for even being there, speaking out loud that it all sounds normal.
  
    I don't care about the speculations...I just want to be tested, for my on sanity because I feel like something is wrong.
  
    Even if I am wrong about what I may have, I'd like to know if there is anything else wrong or if it is all normal.
  
    I'm rather embarrassed about talking about the whole thing too so it didn't necessarily help me emotionally and speak well about my issue...
  
    I kinda left frustrated, we are gonna do the exam anyways but I wish the communication was better...

Article: F28 120lbs 163cm
  
    I have nasal polyposis, allergies, asthma, the works. My polyps are very bad right now which affects how bad my asthma is. For context, I usually walk everywhere because I live right downtown. I can no longer walk to work (20 min away) and sometimes have trouble even walking to the grocery store (4 min away). Real exercise is not even a slight possibility
  
    I was put on a new routine of
  
    Flovent 2 puffs twice a day Ventolin 2 puffs twice a day
  
    And seriously, I feel addicted to the pumps. They open up my chest so much….I feel immediate relief Did not feel like this with symbicort, is this normal or am I going crazy?

Article: Just got my blood work back today and everything was perfect with the exception of having high bilirubin 1.8. I had blood work 9 months ago and it was 1.9. After the first test I have since been put on ozempic and Vyvanse and my PCP said she will monitor the bilirubin levels but suspects it is due to my prescriptions. My concern is that it is the second time it has been high consecutively, is this something that I should seek care for sooner than later? Or is it ok to monitor this a little bit longer. Just some background, I've lost about 70 pounds since the first blood work and still working for more. I'm a non smoker that drinks maybe once a month (But should note I did indulge a bit about 3 nights prior to getting the blood work)

Article: 46F, stage 4 endo (waiting on surgery). Depoprovera, NSAIDs
  
    If you start with a clean bowel (after say colonoscopy or diarrhea), what is the average time it takes from the time you eat something to the time you have to poop?

Article: Hi all,
  
    25M, 5’5” 185lbs. First of all I should say I’m typing this now while on a five-hour flight from DC to Seattle. I take testosterone/arimidex, finasteride, methylphenidate ER, propranolol (prehypertensive for the last year), and am allergic to penicillin.
  
    Two weeks ago, I presented to the ER due to dull achy pain in my right leg. It’s nonspecific, but I have sharp pain at times in between the joints. At that time, my leg looked completely fine and has not visually changed. Remaining stationary tends to increase the pain. I experience brief relief when I stand up/sit down, but only for the initial 1-2 minutes until it starts again. Pain is constantly at least level 2 but sometimes spikes to level 6/7 in random places on my right leg. It does seem to be most painful at my hip and knee joints.
  
    During 1st ER visit, I was echo scanned for DVT because I have secondary erythrocytosis (managed by hematological oncologist) and was concerned about blood clot. Negative for DVT and was also tested for STIs except syphilis (which I had a false positive for a few months ago.) They told me my CBC was normal even though RBC, Monocytes, and ALT are slightly elevated. I was told to follow up with GP for sciatica. I do have a history of sciatica but this feels different.
  
    I followed up that week with both GP and hemotological oncologist. GP seems to think this is anxiety/stress because I do have a history of overreaction to medical events. Hemotological oncologist said my RBC was high again and performed venesection during our visit that week.
  
    A couple days later, this past Sunday, I went back to the ER as the pain had worsened and spread. Was told to take NSAIDs around the clock and to start a 21 pill steroid pack. They did an XRAY as I requested because no other imaging was done until then except ultrasound. XRAY came back normal and I was sent on my way. No bloodwork was done at this visit.
  
    I am now on day 3 of steroid pack, taking any/all NSAIDs I can find, and I have been taking some gabapentin I was prescribed a few months ago for cannabis withdrawal (for context: I was trying to quit but was unsuccessful.) I am sitting on this plane and I feel achy, cold, didn’t sleep well, and my leg hurts more than ever. Occasionally I am getting sharp pain in my right shoulder and left buttock. I have a migraine on the right side of my head today, as well.
  
    Am I crazy or should I go to the ER a third time when I land? I don’t like wasting the ER’s time/resources but I am young, relatively healthy, and now all this is happening rather acutely. Sciatica or some sort of infection? HELP!! I don’t want to suffer unnecessarily because some doctors aren’t being thorough.
  
    If so, any hospital recommendations in Seattle? I have good insurance 0% copay.

Article: 40 yr old AFr.Am. Female 5' 5 208lbs
  
    This started on October 17th after doing a short 2 mile walk exercise at home via youtube video. The next day my private area became numb and over the next couple of days it got worse. I could still use the bathroom normally but the feeling was strange. Then i noticed my feet and legs became numb and tingly then it went up to  my trunk area and then hands. Everything is now back to normal except the trunk area and hands which are the worse. I notice when i bend my neck i get the feeling in my back and sometimes it feels like electricity going into my hands and legs (lhermittes sign) i had this before about a year ago but it went away.
  

    Went to the ER and had an MRI and bloodwork done and they said it came back good but when i went to  my doc and she reviewed the results it said something about stenosis. I was told a year ago that i have mild lower cervical spondylosis and was told to do exercises for it. I thought this was what was causing the lhermittes sign but i dont know. I went to see a neurologist and she did a physical exam and that was good and im set to see her again in 2 weeks. She thinks the cause was stopping my anxiety meds suddenly after running out and not being able to get them for a few weeks after. The numbness and tingling in my hands is whats bothering me the worse. why has everything else gotten better except that and wouldnt the MRI have shown lesions because now im worried about MS because of the lhermittes sign.
  
    Medicines i take: Sertraline 150mg, Metoprolol Succ.50mg and B complex vitamin

Article: I'm 43 year old male. 5' 10" 175lbs with a history of high liver function tests. It started 9 years ago. I was a heavy in drinker in 20's and 30's. I started getting high LFT results back in 2014. The last 9 years my LFT's have gone from extermely high ALT 331 and AST 156 then back to normal just in July I was at AST 22 and ALT 41. I've stopped drinking altogether her and there and I went to the DR and he said I can go back to normal drinking standards 2 drinks per day. Well I did and I went to get tested yesterday and I am AST 27 and ALT 77. I have extreme itching all over my body which I think may be related to this. Why would just 2 drinks a day spike my ALT up again (By the way I don't drink every day I probably have 2 beers 4 days a week)After you've had a history of high LFT can you ever go back to drinking again or is your liver forever going to be sensitive to any alcohol?

Article: 23F, 5'6" 189lb Needing some help here as my doctors are just as confused as I am.
  
    Starting Dec 2022 I started having morning nausea. This progressed to morning vomiting daily. The moment I wake up I feel nauseous and throw up or dry heave shortly after. This happens usually within the first hour I'm awake. It also feels like my gag reflex is highly sensitive.
  
    Recently it has progressed to vomiting all food and liquids and diarrhea so had to stay in the ER  to get rehydrated.
  
    My doctors are at a loss for what it could be. I do use cannabis for the nausea, but the vomiting started well before I started using it so its not CHS. I do get little mild headaches sometimes but I believe that its because I'm dehydrated.
  
    My doctors ordered a bunch of stool tests and an upper endoscopy, but they admitted that they are at a loss.
  
    Anyone seen this presentation before? Any help would be appreciated.

Article: I (31F, 112lbs, 5’1, no drugs or alcohol) was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease (NMOSD) last year. I was prescribed clonazepam to help with motor tics and anxiety. I got pregnant in July and stopped taking my clonazepam. My anxiety was at its peak and I had difficulties sleeping. I had a missed miscarriage discovered at first ultrasound. I’d like to get pregnant again soon and am wondering if I’d be able to continue to take my clonazepam to avoid the anxiety like the first time. I can’t get in my OB until I’m actually pregnant and at the 8 week mark.
  
    TIA!

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: As the title says, I woke up this morning and couldn't feel my right arm. I've had this happen a couple times before, but never to this extent: in those occasions, I'd get a tingly feeling and then shake my arm and everything would go back to normal. This time, however, the tingly feeling was different and then I realised I literally could not feel my right arm at all: I grabbed it with my left hand and it was dead weight, I was able to "artificially" move it up and down a couple of times before I started feeling it again and when this happened, I checked my right hand and it was dark red at the bottom of the palm and also dark red in some knuckles (2nd, 3rd and 5th fingers, I believe).
  
    It's worth noting that this always happens with my arm in an "L" shape upwards, with my hand often underneath my head and my shoulder at the end of my pillow. Could I be somehow pinching a nerve in that position? Is it something else? Should I be concerned?

Article: I've recently noticed a strange issue with my hearing. I listen to music on my laptop while I'm working and it sounds like the EQ settings are changing every minute or so. For example if you were to switch between rock/flat/bass/pop.
  
    I have had some tinnitus for the last few years. It's a bit annoying but it doesn't stop me from sleeping.
  
    I've checked that there isn't anything whacky going on with my laptop - I've sat and watched the volume/EQ and they stay the same.
  
    Interestingly, I've never noticed this while wearing earbuds.
  
    Height - 180cm
  
    Weight - 80kg
  
    Race - White European
  
    Duration - Every few minutes while listening to music on my laptop
  
    Drink - Yes
  
    Smoke - No
  
    Recreational drugs - No
  
    Country - Scotland

Article: Hi, first of all english is not my first languge, so im very sorry for mistakes.
  
    Me- [25f] For a last month I have a troubles with my health, it all started with a pain in right lower abdomen. Doctors did x-ray, sono and found nothing, my bloodwork is ok. They thought I have apendicitis and sent me home. Right after that I got a reflux which moves acids from my stomach to esophagus, im burping all the time. Circa week ago I started noticing that the left side of my ribs is getting bigger and the pain moved from right lower part of my abdomen to the left side of my body. Yesterday I went to the doctor again, she did xray and sono again and again found nothing. Do you have any idea, what can cause this? I'll try to put some pictures in the comment

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: The = equals sign in the title is a mistake, it was supposed to be a plus +.
  
    Sorry for the wall of text, wanted to include detailed symptoms but tried to keep it as brief as possible (and did a poor job at it). Feel free to just scroll down for the results of the checkup I had a few days ago that I got today.
  
    35M chronology:
  
    Was having weird aches and pains in body in June, got blood and ultrasound checked, ALT 66 and mild NAFLD confirmed via ultrasound. Changed diet completely, never eaten healthier, only white meat and no fast food or bad fats, lowered carb intake. Also got vitamin D supplements because it was deficient.
  
    A few weeks before the above, in May, I had Covid, mostly mild.
  
    Some two months ago, in early October, I started getting unusual systemic symptoms. They were mild and mostly not too debilitating, but scary and uncomfortable.
  
    My symptoms started with fatigue and muscle pain in hips-thighs (similar to post-exercise pain, but without exercise), sometimes transient lightheadedness. I also got mild skin flushing and redness/warmth in face and arms particularly, this would increase with heat and kind of come and go during the day. The flushing in my arms and hands had a granular visual quality to it upon looking closely, but it was completely flat, painless and not itchy, and would disappear. Didn't react to antihistamines that I've noticed. Got my blood checked, everything normal, my ALT had reduced to 37 and doctor couldn't feel the fatty liver any more. I was told it's probably a reaction to the viral infection.
  
    Then these symptoms partly diminished (except the flushing, which continued) and got replaced with migratory aches in tendons (asymmetric, a few joints every day, not bone or muscle pain but tendon pain that felt a bit better with massaging the area) that would often get quite uncomfortable. These aches moved around my body but were most uncomfortable in my fingers and thighs and hips. Didn't affect the back or neck, only the limbs.
  
    As joint pains faded, I started getting random mild swelling in hands and feet, mostly on the right side of the body. Also uncomfortable vascular pains: it felt like blood would pool up in my lower legs and in my arms when they were lowered, but this wasn't always the case, only sporadically. My arms would get quite red and feel heavy, upon elevating them they would turn white after a few seconds and feel better. Blood vessels became quite more visible and I had random aches and pains around my body and especially my limbs. The worst was my lower right leg in the calf and top and side of the ankle where the pain was getting to the point where it messed with my daily functioning. Was also getting weird little transient headaches in the front of my head, and sometimes pressure in the temples.
  
    Went to the doc, he told me the joint pain was reactive arthritis and that it would most often pass on its own. My blood was fine, but Uric Acid was 8.5 (despite me not drinking or eating most things that elevate it). I got allopurinol for that. I also started drinking 100mg aspirin as well as magnesium citrate. A few days before the checkup I had a sudden high fever for around six hours in the evening, with moderate digestive discomfort, but I think this was an unrelated food bug. Fever was gone next morning and I felt amazing. A few days after this and drinking the uric acid meds and aspirin and I am mostly fine, with some residual discomfort but nothing too bad. It's like the whole thing mostly just passed. I had no respiratory problems during all of this.
  
    I did a full body medical checkup a few days ago that I have with my insurance.
  
Checkup:

    No inflammatory markers, protein in urine or unusual blood values (nor did I have any of these at any time), except %LUC 5.9 and LYMPH 1.18. Doc said that's unremarkable and not a big deal, my %LYMPH is 21.4. Sugar is normal, as is all else.
  
    Hormones normal.
  
    Ultrasound found 2-3 small kidney stones in one kidney (<3mm), this is new. When I told the doctor doing the ultra that I had NAFLD, she said she doesn't see anything like that, but that the liver color is very slightly off (should be same as kidney, was slightly less dark), but so slight that she wasn't even going to mention it on the report. No swelling or irregularities of any kind.
  
    The only thing that worries is that my ALT is now 111 (12-78 good range), and AST is 43 (15-37 good range). For comparison, back in June when my ALT was 66, the normal range was 10-50, but this test was done in a different lab. My alt was 37 in Ocotber when my NAFLD was already in remission.
  
    The doctor thought it might just be an acute reaction and that I should do a follow up in a month and see if the values are still high.
  
    I have no Hepatitis-specific symptoms that I'm aware of like jaundice, stool color. My appetite is fine, I have no nausea, itching or bleeding issues. In fat, I feel better than I have in weeks. I have let myself go on the bad diet in the last weeks, but not as badly as I was when I was diagnosed with NAFLD in June.
  
    So I don't know, trying not to worry and will just go back to eating healthy and trying to exercise.
  
    Can it be that if this was long covid, it just screwed with the liver a bit? Can ALT and AST fluctuate so wildly over the months in case of actual liver disease? From 66 to 37 to 111 in 4 months?
  
    Of course, any insight is more than welcome, but I know this is very non-specific.

Article: So I had wrapped my ankle with a ace bandage not for existing swelling but just to bandage the area with some wounds cause I'm allergic to adhesive bandaids.
  
    I stupidly wrapped my area clearly too tight while I was half asleep
  
    My toes swelling went down fast but my foot still looks like a football after 3 hrs. Should I be worried or I am I just being impatient?
  
    I forgot to mention but once I woke up & noticed it was swollen, I unwrapped it immediately.
  
    F23

Article: Female, aged 23, height 5'4, weight 107.9, white, no drugs or drinking. Dusty metal broke skin a few days (11/11) ago, don't have a tetanus booster (got my last TDAP shot at 11, 23 now), noticed beginning Sunday (a day after) up till now my muscles are achy despite me not doing anything, what do I do? Being told I'm overreacting by family and that they 'forbid me to get the booster' and that it 'can cause more harm' but my muscles feel sore in my upper back mainly and back of neck and I don't know what to do. Also scared of adverse reactions the booster but also scared of tetanus and I'm just nervous and don't know what to do. Please advise.

Article: 29F, no significant medical hx, active lifestyle and healthy weight
  
    Received these results (pictured on post below). I will be doing a colpo and ecc in a couple of weeks. I understand the next steps are dependent on those results but just wondering if anyone has recommendations to preserve my fertility, such as LEEP vs cryo?
  
    I’ve been reading online and just a little overwhelmed with some info saying it doesn’t affect fertility and others saying it does. I just want to know what direction to look towards before my appt with the MD.
  
    Thank you!!
  
    I’m a little worried, I know I shouldn’t be assuming it’ll be cancer or even precancerous but it’s hard to stop the mind from racing.

Article: Hi. 19M, 6’5, 200lbs. I vaped for around 2 years, but quit on November 1st. I’ve been having this sort of stabbing, duller pain in the bottom area of my rib cage on both sides. It’s probably been around a month. I went up north with my gf and I had some pain there, but it wasn’t really worrisome until halloween. Sometimes it feels like its my ribs and sometimes it feels like its under my ribs. I’ve been struggling with health anxiety a lot recently and I’ve had 2 panic attacks in two weeks. Sunday night was the worst. I had like 10 hypnic jerks and I almost fell asleep but my whole body felt like a heart beat and it was extremely fast. I’ve felt extremely off, I’ve also lost my appetite. I don’t know if thats because of my anxiety or not. I haven’t had my bloodwork done in a long time but I assume I’m deficient in every vitamin. Mainly D. I keep checking my nails to see if they’re turning blue.  My postures also kind of fucked so I think that could have something to do with it. I’ve been extremely stressed outside of my health as well, my gf said my back feels like a rock its so tense. I have no cough but I have some post nasal drip with clear mucus. I’m freaking out. Should I go to the doctor? Is it just bad anxiety? Do I have cystic fibrosis? Wtf is going on.

Article: (M62) In June 2023, my ferritin levels were 15 ng/mL, but they have now risen to 677 ng/mL. Similarly, my iron levels increased from 43 u/dL to 185 ug/dL during the same period, without any history of iron supplementation.
  
    In terms of liver health, my ALT was within the normal range at 30 IU/L in June 2023, but it has since elevated to 56 IU/L.
  
    I was diagnosed with primary polycythemia vera and initially prescribed hydroxyurea in June. However, after a month on this medication without improvement with PV blood levels and noticing an increase in ALT levels, I switched to Jakafi. Subsequently, all my PV-related blood work normalized after a few weeks on Jakafi. Despite this, my recent ALT test still shows elevated levels.
  
    The question arises whether there is a potential connection between the high ferritin/iron levels and the elevated ALT. 
  
    Would love some input.
  
    Thanks

Article: Dear doctors (or self proclaimed ones) of Reddit,
  
    Male, 21, 182cm, 85kg.
  
    I’ve been experiencing shortness of breath for a little over 2 years now. Life has drastically changed ever since.
  
    It started with breathlessness after exertion, then progressed to even when rested.
  
    I’ve even had moments where I’m unable to take a breath and inhale, so much so I’m cold sweating and dizzy - ambulances were called but no issues found upon arrival due to them arriving after the episode of breathlessness has passed.
  
    symptoms include -
  


    Difficulty to inhale , some times are often worse than others
  


    Inability to “catch” that breath
  


    Sweating after little physical activity
  


    Very cold feet
  


    Weak legs
  


    Infrequent chest pain, sometimes when inhaling
  


    All these symptoms have worsened over time and developed with the shortness of breath
  
    I’m not an anxious person, I never have been. I’ve been carefully monitoring this condition as per say a scientist monitoring a germ, not a hypochondriac proclaiming death. I have, however, smoked for several years, tobacco and recreational drugs.
  
    These are the tests I’ve done that are coming back all clear -
  


    Spirometry (done last year)
  


    Several x-rays
  


    Several blood tests
  


    Several ECGs
  


    After all these tests and no results, I decided to take this issue privately as it has hindered my quality of life to an extreme. I had a CT scan done last week and the results have come back fine. I have a follow up appointment to discuss the results with a pulmonologist tomorrow.
  
    Now that context is out of the way, I’d like to ask a question.
  
    Is it possible that on two different occasions a CT scan can miss a lung problem? Whether that may be scarring, COPD or anything that can hinder my breathing. I’ve had a low dose CT scan and a normal one with contrast. Both times doctors report normal looking lungs. But it just doesn’t match what and how I feel, it genuinely feels like I have broken, weak lungs.
  
    Can someone point me in the right direction? Should I try to get a HRCT, or biopsy even?
  
    Or at this point should I just leave it to fate? It’s been going on for so long now. I used to be very athletic, great job, beautiful girlfriend. Lost it all because of this undiagnosable illness. Everyone thinks I’m mad because tests come back clear.

Article: im planning to get creatine sometime in december.
  
    14M
  
    height: 172 cm (5'7")
  
    weight: 66kg (145lbs)
  
    how much creatine per day? ive seen forums saying 5g per day, 10g per day and the craziest one 0.3 times your body weight in kg, for me its 20.i actively go into gym and i can say that my workout session is semi intense. i usually do 2-3 sets of failure so thats 10-12 max 15 of reps each set. i want to grow my muscles as well as increase my strength. my kidneys are 100% healthy and my health generally in a good shape.
  
    for short, here are the main 3 questions:1. how much creatine per day? (in grams)2. how much water per day while on creatine? (in liters)3. how much water should my mix with my creatine? (in grams/liters)4. pre or post workout?
  
    thanks in advance.

Article: I (32F, 185lbs, white/Filipino, living in Florida,USA) had a polypectomy/d&c/IUD insertion last week. The day after surgery I had some mcdonalds (fries, nuggies and a burger). My blood glucose level shot DANGEROUSLY high to 309mg/dL. I've NEVER had it that high and was actually instructed to go to the ER..I didn't because it started going down after drinking, fasting and a walk. After some digging I found that insulin resistance can be increased from the anesthesia.
  
    Since that spike...my blood glucose levels have been the BEST IN MY LIFE. I shit you not.
  
    My fasting blood glucose usually is anywhere between 98-110mg/dL...mostly like 100mg/dL...still higher than normal people...My fasting blood glucose right now is 81mg/dL... It's NEVER been that low.
  
    My last A1C was 5.6 and had shot up from 5.2 in January(I was eating my feelings for a few months). I was diagnosed with prediabetes in 2021 and reversed it with keto/weightloss/avoiding sugar and carbs.
  
Back to the question...did I shock my system and my body is using insulin properly? Can insulin resistance be cured with a freak spike? Is this going to be short lived???

    I have the following:
  
    Hashimotos (taking levothyroxine 75mcg and liothyronine 5mcg)
  
    Insulin resistant PCOS (no androgens, no string of pearls...just IR, and anovulatory cycles and a few follicles upon diagnosis) taking metformin 1000mg er.
  
    Depression (taking buproprion 150mg SR X1 DAILY)

Article: 28F generally health.  ex bf had a flu and i think i got it. around the same time developed what i thought was a boil…. it keeps growing. it’s no longer as painful but looks horrible. i’ve been cleaning daily but it bleeds a lot.. no smells but lots of leaking… unsure if i am getting better or what it could be

Article: 26, Female, 167 cm, 57 kg, Caucasian, no big medical issues
  
    A year ago I've developed a pinching pain in my lower right abdomen, right next to belly button and a bit down. The pain then was 8/10, I worried it might have been apendicitis, but I received blood tests and a CT scan- nothing. The surgeon there told me to check with my gynaecologist for possible endometriosis. I did, everything is perfectly fine.
  
    I thought it might be IBS, but the pain is located in one place. In addition to that I experienced right foot moving on its own after covid vaccine and general stiffness in the right side of my body for several months. Could the abdominal pinching pain be just another side effect? Now I believe the most probable answer is that it's ACNES, but I will obviously have to seek further medical examimation.
  
    The only thing that changed in my life however is the long hours I spend in front of my computer due to starting my career and more stress. I'm also right-handed if it helps. I guess it's around 11h everyday sitting.
  
    Is it even possible the pain might come from clenching my stomach muscles all the time from stress and sitting position, if it is just one spot hurting?
  
    Thanks for all the answers

Article: Several days of pressure in chest when breathing, primarily right lung .hypertensive.

Day of: BP and HR low (for me)  but within normal range. Pain on inspiration  Moderate pain/ pressure underneath bottom of right rib cage/ right lung, air felt cold/menthol when breathing, trouble swallowing on the day, pain migrated to centre of chest chest, left side chest, left shoulder, numb/tingling/weak left arm, left leg, and then right leg (though not as severe). Breathing issues/chest pain dissipated and then other weird symptoms followed
  
    29 yo Female with antiphospholipid Syndrome, hypertension, caucasion, 5'4 60 kg

Article: I passed a very strange BM on Sunday. I have a paralyzing fear of intestinal parasites, like I was up until 4am nauseous over it, but after posting in several different subreddits and online forums I don’t think that’s what it was. After some research I think it may have been candida overgrowth. I’m on amoxicillin for strep and a double each infection and I’m day 9 of 10. So the BM happened on day 7. I can find barely any information or pictures of what candida overgrowth in stool would look like. I’m trying to find a doctor that will take me but I can’t find one so far in my area that has opening, I’m legitimately losing sleep over this. I’m 21F, I weigh roughly 126 pounds. I don’t have the healthiest diet but I try too, I have frequent vaginal east infections and I have tinea veriscolor on my skin. Any advice or answers is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

Article: 31F, 5ft 3in, 9st 7lbs, caucasian, in good health, UK
  
    I had chicken pox twice as a child and from what I have read I understand that probably means that I didn't fully develop immunity the first time for whatever reason. Not sure how old I was the first time, the second time I believe I was 9/ 10/ 11.
  
    My hairdresser has just contacted me ahead of an appointment at her house at the weekend to let me know that her children have chickenpox, and to ask if have had it before and am therefore immune.
  
    I assume that having had it twice as a child I fully developed immunity? Feel a bit silly asking but wanted to check to be on the safe side.

Article: 38 female - long time smoker About a month ago I was put on a low cholesterol diet so I have been eating extremely healthy.
  
    My cycle has always been clockwork, I usually start 1-3 days earlier each month. So I should have started 3-6 this month. I did start a new job also on the 3rd but that’s probably to soon to affect my period.
  
    My last sexual encounter was October 2-4. I’m pretty sure I had my period last month.

Article: Hey all - got some bloodwork done and have elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels. Creatine serum is 1.68 (normal range is up to 1.35) and nitrogen is 28 (normal range up to 23.5). I take creatine and eat a good amount of protein. I also work out a lot. I’ve seen the creatine serum can be caused by the creatine supplement, but not so sure about the nitrogen urea? Any ideas? I’m not a huge fan of my doctor.
  
    Demographic info:
  
    Male, 31, 5’11”, 185ish pounds. Supplements/meds: creatine, finasteride, protein, turmeric, cumin, ginger, setraline

Article: Male 5 10 220 pounds
  
    Lately I noticed I get pain while sneezing. It's like a muscle pain and I get it in my back, shoulders and arm. What could be wrong?

Article: 14m 220 5'7 I know it's not common in the us but I have some of the symptoms like small burps feeling like I need to throw up after eating and some acid reflux symptoms that ha been happening my whole life but the eating then the feeling like I need to throw up feeling just started why I'm worried is because of its untreated it turns into cancer right? Can anyone soothe my nerves and I can't get checked out I'm on a trip for like a month and sometimes when I eat breakfast I feel full

Article: 17,male,5'8
  
    My mom has been using it everyday for the past week, and I have to endure the smell whenever I'm in the car with her. If she uses it in the house, it spreads to my room, and I have to turn on the ac. The smell makes my chest/stomach feel weird and it just sucks in general. Could inhaling the smell be bad for me?

Article: Hi there,
  
    I’m a 26F 5’6 145lb healthy individual. I am very active and am not on any medications besides birth control. I recently got an on demand anemia test done as i do a lot of high intensity workouts and recently started distance running and wanted to check my levels. I need help interpreting my results. Nothing was flagged except for high iron (182) but a lot of my ranges were right on the wedge of being flagged high or low ( i.e. my hemacrotit is 34.9 and the flag for low is 34)
  
    I am wondering since my insurance covers it if would be beneficial to got straight to a hematologist instead of a primary care doctor. Would that be acceptable or do they usually only take appointments by referral?

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    I have been waking up in the middle of the night recently feeling like my throat is closing and then needing to vomit. However, when I go to vomit it mostly just ends up being bile, but it prevents me from sleeping. I have also been breaking out in hives for months - typically after eating. I went to the allergist and nothing came back on the skin prick test. I feel like there is often a lump in my throat. I have been taking a PPI for acid reflux after an endoscopy over the summer, but I am still getting hives and vomiting.
  
    Any general ideas as to what this could be? Thank you!!

Article: Male 27, was feeding feral cat yesterday, something spooked him, he swiped scratching my hand, one claw got stuck in my finger, I'd say 1cm deep.
  
    cleaned it with water and hand hand sanitizer and went my way, washed it when i got home few hours later and used alcohol.
  
    im not worried about scratched, but the puncture wound closed (like a needle, even though their claw is big idk how)
  
    went to the infection hospital here, they gave me rabies vaccine, but didn't want to give tetanus (she didn't even bother looking), she says it is unlikely to get this from cat, maybe deep rusty wound or something, which i think is bullshit.
  
    my friend was bitten few years ago by his younger brother and according to their protocol, he did get tetanus shot.
  

    I'm keeping an eye on it, but wanted to see if there's infection doctors who are familiar with this, feral cats walk on dirt all day, bury their feces, lick their paws, but somehow she says it is unlikely

Article: Im 23 male 5’ 10” non smoker mild drinker with asthma (albuterol as needed/ advair 250/50 twice daily)
  
    I was diagnosed with ADHD in high school, but stop taking the medication after graduation . I now work full-time and I am school for my job, but failing out of my classes and cannot make it a day without making mistakes at work. I wanted resume medication, but due to the nature of my job I move states every several months. Is it possible that I could be prescribed medication out of state? Changing doctor so often does not seem feasible, and I know my medication script cant be transferred as it is a narcotic. Note- if you need more description, feel free to ask in the comments

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!
  
    Edit: I took a pic of the palate of two friends and they both have them too... what is it?

Article: First off I’m a 35M 5’8 currently 200lbs, I take Prozac, Zyprexa, Buspar, adderall, Trazodone and prazosin. I’ve have 13 diagnosed mental illnesses from Psychologist and psychiatrists. And 5 physical illnesses, I’d rather not detail every single one out as I’m probably going to delete this for my safety later.
  
    I’ve done searches but the results don’t tell me much, I have Anorexia nervosa extreme food restriction type ( you may call it atypical till I reach my goal weight) and I’m always dehydrated, in my doctors visits my BP was 90 over 60 and the next month 90 over 42, my therapist says she’s shocked I wasn’t admitted to the emergency room.
  
    So how bad is my BP, please be very detailed

Article: Ok I'm 34 so not exactly young but been having ventricular pauses 7-9 seconds every few days around 5am when sleeping, no symptoms that I remember. Have loop recorder since last week.
  
    Picked up by chance cardiologists admitted me for two weeks and said MRI, CT scam ans ultrasound ecko came back good.
  
    One specialist said its likely heart block due to vagal tone which in his opinion isnt life threatening...
  
    They dont want to give me pacemaker as too young, but not sure what else I can do. Any thoughts?

Article: Suffered a broken wrist in May 2021 broke radius and ulna with a partial open fracture of my radius. Internal fixation on the radius bone. Now have been getting a new dull kind of ache halfway up my forearm on my ulna side of my arm. Was told to expect wrist pain and early onset artritis. Just thought it was strange the pain would be in my forearm.

Article: Hii, recently i discovered that some metal bumps of a keyboard that i used to write daily for around one year are made of lead. As i was in continuous contact with it i’m kind of freaking out now. But at the same time as the contact was only through my finger i’m not certain if it represents any real danger.
  
    Should i get a lead test or i’m just exaggerating?
  
    I’m a 24M with 56kg and around 1,80 of height

Article: About 2 months ago I had some pain in my mid back on the right hand side. I have problems with my back and this new pain wasn't anything like any of my normal back pains. I called my GP who asked me to leave off a urine sample, they dipped it and said I had a UTI and sent me off with some antibiotics. I should note that I didn't feel any other symptoms of having a UTI, but the pain was similar to when I've had one in the past.
  
    Nothing stopped the pain. I was then given a different antibiotic after they tested my urine again. Same thing happened, nothing felt better, so I was given a 3rd course of a different antibiotic and referred for an urgent scan of the area to see if they could get a better idea of what was going on.
  
    Currently I'm still awaiting the scan, and still in pain every day. I had my urine tested again last week and it was clear, and I've had blood tests which I'm waiting the results of. Every so often I also get an almost bloating feeling on right side on my back, which goes right through and I can basically feel it from the front too. It can't be my gallbladder as I've had that removed. Although the pain is in a similar region as when I was having issues with my gallbladder. I also feel sick a lot of the time too.
  
    I'm hoping someone can shed a bit of light on what might be happening. I'm a 36 year old female by the way in case that's important

Article: 27F I was told I have a uterine polyp 2 months ago and I was sent to the gynaecologist 2 weeks ago to take tissue samples. They called me today to schedule an appointment and the woman on the phone said “The doctor wants to see you in the next week or two, so anything after that wouldn’t work.” Should this concern me or is this standard?
  
    The polyp is also no longer there- it came out on its own about 3 weeks ago.

Article: Hello, male, 28. I was prescribed Terbinafine 250MG oral tablets for athletes foot. Had blood work done two weeks after taking the medicine everyday. My ALT was 95. My doctor strongly believes it's from the medicine. Terbinafine tablets known to temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
  
    P.S Everything else in my blood was perfect. No hepatitis of any kind.

Article: My son, 11 year old male, healthy, had a heart monitor taped to his chest for a month over a year ago. His skin did not react very well to the adhesive and, at the time, left it red and irritated underneath.
  
    Still, over a year later since it’s been removed, when he takes a hot shower the outline of the heart monitor comes back. After a bit it goes away. Why is this still happening?
  
    Pic here https://imgur.com/a/dzI97EA

Article: 28F, 4'11, 68kg, with approximately a year and a half history of sudden intense headaches, dizziness, double vision and visual disturbances, trouble swallowing and feeling like something is in my throat, and some difficulties with movement. I had some MRI scans taken and an issue in the right caudate was found and has been recommended for further investigation possibly with a contrast scan done, but I'm unsure whether other things I've seen on the scans are anything to be concerned about. I've been told by family if it was an issue they would've said, but I still can't shake the paranoia.
  
    There's an unusual (to me) patch of black that shows up on the SWAN scan that I'm confused by.Also on an SAG T2 - I'm not sure if I'm just imagining it and being paranoid, but my pituitary gland seems larger than I've seen on instructional scans that tell you about your MRI scan. Here is the album of images.

    I'm sure I'm imagining things, but I wanted to be sure if this is something I should question further or not.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: Hi been having some weird symptoms lately. I’m 23F and a bit overweight. It started as slight pressure behind the head (crown area) and dizziness. A week has passed and now I have bit of vision issues, sudden ear pain that passes and goes, clogged sinuses, and dull pain at the back of the head still and somewhere near the sinus area. I had a consultation with a general practitioner a few days ago and was only goven anti vertigo medicine and some antibiotics which didn’t help that much. I was also adviced to go to an ophthalmologist. Where should I go first, to an ENT or ophthalmologist and do you guys have any inkling on what this is?

Article: 21M, 170-ish lbs, do not smoke, drink socially and infrequently, diagnosed with major depressive disorder, have a long history of health anxiety of various extremes Throwaway because I'm very embarrassed. So, something around April this year my fiancee said that she'd like to try out some very light choking - just a hand on a throat, no squeezing or anything like that. She seemed to like this idea a lot, and I decided to partake as well. We've done it only a couple of times and no harm was done, up until I decided to ask her to squeeze my throat with a tad bit more force. I didn't black out or anything like that, but I remember coughing a bit - so I thought this was too risky, and we've never came back to breathplay. Now, I've researched dangers of that practice through and through and would never take part in that now, but for some reason I didn't hit me at all at that time. And so, for some reason, sometime around June I started feeling weird sensation of "heaviness" in my left eyelid - like, it is not droopy, but constantly feels weirdly heavy. It is especially prominent in the mornings, where I feel an overwhelming need to close my left eye when I just wake up, or during the times when I'm very tired. At that time I remembered about the fact that we've choked each other, and it's been bothering me a lot ever since. And by saying a lot, I mean every day, dusk till dawn, I think about that, wondering if there is any damage that could be done. This whole ordeal has turned me into a bumbling mess, even more anxious than I was before. Not helping is the fact that recently I started to mix up words when speaking, which too took a toll on my already poor well-being. Honestly, I feel very hollowed-out. My relationships with family has gone sour, because, as they say, "I've been talking about nothing but my mysterious illness for months". I don't know what to do.

Article: So obviously I want to know how worried I should be, but since my doc is not worried at all, I also want to know if I should pursue a second opinion.  I went to see my PCP last week due to abdominal pain.  He poked around, sent me for an abdominal xray and ordered blood work.  I was able to do the xray that very day but the blood work had to wait a few days (since it was the fasting kind and I had already had breakfast).  He looks at the xray, basically says "yep, you're full of shit" and told me take stool softeners\laxatives.  I did the blood work yesterday and it showed RBC of 4.5, HGB of 13.5, and HCT of 40.  These values were all automatically flagged by the EHR (Epic).  I start looking into anemia and it would totally explain the constipation.  I have also occasionally had lightheadedness, fatigue, and tachycardia, but this has been written off as "long covid" in the past.  Anemia could also cause those things.
  
    I previously had blood work done in Jan 2023 and these values were all normal then.  My PCP was not at all concerned about this.  Should I pursue a second opinion (and if so, from who?  Another PCP or a hematologist?).  Should I just drop it?

Article: 21M Height:6ft1in Weight:290 Pounds
  
    So for as long as I can remember I've had painful swollen nodules pop up on my body which I now assume are lymph nodes now that I'm old enough to give significant thought to it. The only issue is that it'll only be one here or there and in random places irrespective of illness or injury. For as long as I can remember for a few days or weeks random painful swelling will occur with what seems to be no reason. I've had a couple pop up on my stomach, neck, chest, and probably anywhere else you can think of. It happens so often that at any real given time I have a couple of these things swollen. I intend to mention this to a doctor but I never have before because it seemed normal in my.childhood and I've always kind of just seen it as something that happens to me. Any thoughts. Some strange issue or is this really just normal?

Article: Hello , I'm a normal 25 years old male, Yesterday after sleeping I seems to have develop sudden swelling on forehead only, what could be the cause? I can see dent when pinched for 10 seconds. Is this serious? PS. I don't drink,smoke or take any medications, I do take minioxidil topically but it's been 7-8 years already so I don't think that's a culprit.

Article: I went on a road trip to the mountains. 10 hour drive there, 10 hour drive back. When I was up there (I was there for 6 days), my big toe joint started hurting. On the last night, I couldn’t even sleep because it hurt so bad. Same with the first night back home.
  
    Since then, I’ve been taking OTC pain meds for it and rubbing a THC cream on it. I’ve been using an ice pack and elevating each day, as well. I work on and off of my feet five days a week, but I’m wearing a slipper and trying not to use that part of my foot.
  
    It’s been over a week now that I am still in pain. I’m wondering if I should try to slowly flex the toe, or if I should still try to keep it as still as possible. It hurts when I move it up or down. If anything even grazes my toe, it hurts really bad. I have a doctor’s appointment next week, so I’m just wondering in the meantime what my approach should be. Does keeping it still make it better or worse?
  
    33M (FTM), Borderline personality disorder, autoimmune disorders (hashimotos & Celiac), high cholesterol. 160lbs, 5’3”, on .30 of 200ml testosterone cypionate once weekly, daily: levothyroxine 150mg, Bupropion SR 150 mg, Fluvoxamine 125 mg, Atorvastatin 10mg.

Article: Male 27 220lb white about 5,4 . I can't remember the last time i woke up and my eyes weren't blood shot. Some days  or worse then others but on average I'd say they look like I just got done ripping a bong. This happens weather I sleep 8 + hour or 30 mins. On top of that I normal wake up feeling more tired then when I went to bed and it normal takes 30 mins to and 1 hour to feel fully awake but some times that brain fog that comes with fatigue doesn't go away until I've gone back to bed.My question is are these two thing possible related and what can I do about fix it

Article: i (17F) and my boyfriend (18M) have never had sex, but last week (friday, today is tuesday) i got a little bit of precum on my finger and touched my vulva. i did NOT put my finger inside and it was not actual semen. however, i’m so scared that this could still get me pregnant. my period doesn’t normally come until next week and the anxiety is driving me insane. what should i do?

Article: Hello. I am 20F, 158cm, 65kg (roughly), australian, currently on naproxen - night (1000mg), fluoxatine -morning (20mg), evelyn -night, nexium- morning (20mg). i dont smoke nicotine regularly. i have autism, adhd, depression, anxiety, gerd, and spondyloarthritis.
  
    i have been on olanzapine (2.5mg) for 3 years now to help with sleep, also weight (at the beginning) and anxiety attacks. i decided i want to go off it, since ive been feeling drowsy. ive had comments that i seem absent-minded, like i wasnt fully there, and i couldnt seem to get a restful sleep. 5 weeks ago, i went off it after taking half tablet for 2 weeks and had sucidial thoughts, depersonalisation/derealisation, couldnt sleep. we upped the dosage of my fluoxatine from 10mg to 20mg, went back on the olanzapine half tablet for 2 weeks, its been... 2 weeks without it now? slowly and slowly ive become more and more loopy. i havent been getting much sleep. im tossing and turning, getting hot and cold, thinking about stuff that excites my brain. i stopped counting until i fell asleep bc i went up to 600+ at some point before i fell asleep, and found that distressing. ive been taking melatonin (5-10mg) to no avail. ive been having naps during the day bc that seems like the only time im going to sleep. and when i wake up from a nap, i feel weak in the legs, dizzy. last night i just told myself no phone in bed, 10mg melatonin, early night, nothing. ill go to bed whenever, and consistently wake up at 6am-7am, entirely unrested. im worried ill have to go back on olanzapine.this is all exacerbated by the fact im in pain due to my spondyloarthritis. my rhematologist did say that just spondyloarthritis, pain or not, just existing in my system can cause fatigue. what is the meds, and what is me, yknow? what options do i have?
  
    i am seeing my gp tmrw. kind of just want someone to tell me that olanzapine isnt my only option, unless it is, so i can be prepared for it.

Article: Female, 34, 5'9", 180 lbs., past smoker, no medical issues or medication
  
    I put together an IKEA bed frame 10 days ago. Like much furniture from large retailers that require assembly, the bed frame came with one of those little Allen wrenches. I used this little Allen wrench and, understandably, my hand was very sore. I didn't think much of it until three days passed and I still have stabbing pains here and there. Whenever I play games, gripping the controller and moving my thumb around the pad will hurt. My hand also gets fatigued from holding my phone for longer than a couple minutes. Picking up a heavy pot while cooking or gripping any kind of utensil will also result in aches or stabbing pain. It's been 10 days now, and I'm starting to worry that this is not healing.
  
    Should I seek medical attention of some kind to ensure this doesn't get worse? Or perhaps used cold presses and try to rest my hand for a while?
  
    Thanks. This isn't super serious, but I'm scared that my dominant will hurt for the rest of my life.

Article: I just got my bloodwork back. It showed all the usual iron deficiency anemia flags that I was expecting. My osmolality came back on the low end, outside of the normal range. My CO2 also came back on the low end, outside of normal range.
  
    Is this something worthwhile of further investigation? And what does it usually indicate? I did a quick Google search and none of the simple reasons (over hydration for example) seemed to fit.
  
    HbA1c test came back normal as did my blood glucose levels. My TSH was also normal.
  
    37F, overweight, anemia, possible OAB, no medications or other health conditions

Article: I'm trying to donate a kidney and the last 24-hour test showed an abnormally high concentration of protein in my urine. I talked to the nurse and she suggested exercise might be a factor, since I'm not likely to have any actual kidney problems. (I have no symptoms, family history, or causal factors.)  I run, have started taekwondo, and bike, so if exercise really is a problem that tracks for my results. I've changed my schedule so I can be sedentary for a few days before the next 24-hour test.
  
    Are there any other possible causes I'm missing? My quick online search doesn't show a lot that's useful – there's dehydration (this wasn't an issue for me last time, much thanks to sodastream), cold (?? how much cold?? It's New England in November! I can't avoid cold!), aspirin, and stress (physical? mental? I can avoid physical stress but I can't do much about the mental.)
  
    Anyway, the test is a pain in the ass to coordinate so I do not want to repeat it.
  
    Edited for age and sex: 22F, European/Middle Eastern, weight ~150-160 lb, height 5'9", recreational drugs are weed and alcohol at a low dose about 2-3x/wk put together, current medications I'd prefer not to specify but just think obvious antidepressants and antianxiety drugs.

Article: I will try to give as much info as i can, here we go.
  
    Male 22//non smoker//normal bmi//sometimes active//asthmatic
  
    Have had asthma since i was 4/5, it kinda went away from 15-20 and then returned (thanks). My asthma was first triggered by Exercise but now by the changing of the weather (warm to cold, cold to warm) so autumn and spring are basically hell.
  
    In February of this year my asthma presented itself als a cough for 3/4 weeks + shortness of breath. I kinda ignored it untill i went to the doctor because it was getting annoying. He did an xray which was clean thank god. The symptoms went away after 2 weeks and it was all good till August.
  
    Here is were the current problems start, in august i got ill after holiday, it went away, then returned again. When it returned it had the shortness of breath again. I went to my GP who referred me to my pulmonologist, but because he was ill i could only see him last week. We discussed what was wrong and he said he wanted me to do a CT scan, this made me afraid because well we all know what the CT scans are used for. I didnt know they used it to diagnose asthma again. He did say however my symptoms sounded very weird and ill list them below now:
  


    shortness of breath, now i can still walk 10/15kms or sing at top of my lungs and talk full sentaces. But its like i am more "aware" of my breathing, its a bit harder to take breaths if that explains it. Google doesnt say this is shortness of breath but i have no idea how to explain it.
  


    on and off cold, this is really annoying. One week its there, next week my nose is stuffed again. Its like i do blow every weekend (i swear i dont hahah) and my nose keeps getting blocked.
  


    more tired, this one might be my ever changing sleep schedule as a teen in uni but you never know. I dont need to sleep extra normally, but i can sleep 8/9 hours and still feel a bit sleepy.
  


    So here are the things in terms of tests. (All came back clear/clean) ECG (last week), listened to lungs (3 docs), xray in March, lung function test in March, CBC 2 months ago, lung capacity test last week (99%).
  
    I have no idea anymore what this could be, the ct scan makes me a bit anxious because i googled the symptoms (stupid yes). The symptoms are intermittet tho which makes it all the more confusing.
  
    Anyone here have an idea?

Article: So recently the house doors got repainted in enamel alkyd based paint (high voc, country not protected by epa), and its a condominium, so the paint fumes are very concentrated. I (18M 172cm 72kg) moved in 4 days after it got painted, with the room being aired out at night only (8hrs a day) through two windows for the 4 days before i moved in. When i moved in, i could still smell paint fumes clearly, and its still a little bit strong, like i would feel like its pretty strong (like 1 day old varnish, not as strong as a bucket of varnish, but as strong as if u stood a few feet away from a freshly varnished door) for the first few minutes i enter the room, but my nose would adjust 10 minutes later. due to the weather, i have slept in the room for 4 days with windows closed to preserve the air conditioning and spent the day with windows open to get rid of the smell. how harmful was it, and would i obtain brain damage from it

Article: As a result of breaking my foot 3 weeks ago, I occurred a blood clot in my calf. I was prescribed blood thinners (Rivaroxaban) for 3 months and sent home. Not ideal but completely manageable.
  
    I’m since developed chest pain and unusual heart patterns. My resting heart rate is usually mid-50s and stable but it keeping bouncing around between 40-120bph. It can increase rapidly when I’m ‘active’ such as walking to the bathroom, but can also occur when I’m resting and not moving.
  
    I returned to the hospital, they completely ECG, X-ray and CT scan. No PE or anomalies found. I was sent home and advised it should pass, it hasn’t but neither has it worsened.
  
    A GP suggested I return to the hospital for repeated tests and if nothing urgent found, they will refer me to a cardiologist. However, it must be related to the blood clot in some capacity? Could it be as simple as a reaction to the medication?
  
    Any advice would be appreciated.
  
    Note - heart rate not related to anxiety. Often not even thinking of my health when rate is increasing/decreasing rapidly.
  
    Healthy active 38F (Crossfitter, runner, etc).

Article: Hi I'm 19M from Malaysia. I was diagnosed with LPR 7 months ago by an ENT because I had a persistent sore throat that never went away. He gave me some Gaviscon Advanced and it got better.
  
    Throughout the 7 months, I have been having occasional bouts of these throat clearing and pain in the throat episodes (maybe around 5 times). Sometimes it would just go away on its own, but when it doesn't, I'd take Gaviscon Advanced and it would disappear.
  
    However, 4 days ago, I started experiencing this horrible episode of sore throat, the worst since the start of my symptoms. At first I thought it was a cold, but now it's clearly not because I haven't developed anything other symptoms other than this sore throat. In fact, I woke up yesterday morning feeling absolutely zero pain in the throat, only for it to return in the evening. Today I think I've also been feeling some heartburn? It's a symptom I never had before and now I have it. Is it worsening rapidly or something?
  
    I don't feel like talking Gaviscon anymore because it's only a temporary fix and not a permanent cure. What specialist do I see now? What can I do to cure this LPR? Is there even a cure? And I read that it can cause complications if it's not treated. I'm only 19 and I am not ready for that 😭

Article: Like the title says I recently had to have an IV put in my forearm and after about 2 days my arm was very sore, not painful really just really sore. I asked my doctor what was happening and he took the IV out. It has been a few days now and my arm is still swollen. Is this something that will go away on its own? Or should I be worried

Article: 36m, 5’8”, 230lbs, fairly active.
  
    My left ankle/foot has hurt pretty much for the past 10+ years solid.  It swings from bad to worse, but it NEVER pain free.  My podiatrist tells me it’s ganglion cysts, but that they’re not worth going after.  I’ve been through cycles of oral steroids more times than I can count and steroid shots in my foot a couple times.  It never really helps that long.
  
    Went to a local urgent care 4 days ago and got the same steroid pack I always get, but they insisted on getting X-rays.
  
    The X-ray is in a comment.  Thoughts?  Talus doesn’t look quite right to me.

Article: Female, 36, 163 cm, 62 kg, smokes
  
    I started castor oil for my face on saturday,  double cleaned my face in the evening and put some on my face and neck before sleep. The first day my skin was incredibly soft, so i thought it was doing its work. Since yesterday evening (i didnt put any oil on yet, so after 2 days of using it) bumps started to come behind my ear and within hours my whole neck and behind both ears is covered in rashy looking bumps. They don't itch and they are dry. I noticed its starting to get onto my face now..
  
    Am i allergic? Is there anyone who recognizes this? I have never had an allergy so i have no idea
  
    The only other thing it could be is a dress i got from someone on vinted wich i tried on yesterday......i am super scared of bedbugs and such so the dress is already out the door..didn't want to take any risks.
  
    I'm aware only a docter can give me a real answer but maybe someone recognizes this and calm my mind before i call a doctor. Thanks in advance!

Article: My son is 7 about 56 lbs he is on lisdexamfetam 20 MG and gaunfacine 2mg extended release. He isn’t feeling well at all and was going to give him cold medicine but when I looked it up it said no ? I am waiting for a call from the doctor ..

Article: 42F/1.67/70kg/Caucasian/no smoking/no drinking/ no medications/no drugs
  
    I am getting a COVID booster on Tuesday and the Flu vax. on Wednesday. The following week I am scheduled to get a routine blood test. Will the vaccinations affect my blood values? Logically, you'd think it would affect WBC and whatnot.
  
    (Sorry for the silly question but I couldn't find anything anywhere that specifically answered if getting a blood test a week after vaccinations affects the values at all).

Article: Hi all,
  
    I'm a 29M, 69kg, 184cm, used to use Relvar Ellipta stopped 4 days ago, past smoker (stopped 6 years ago) and occasional drinker.
  
    In another post I've asked on what could it be the reason for me having this weird palpitations and someone told me that Relvar is known to possibly cause this.
  
    Since I don't suffer from really bad asthma I stopped using it and I've scheduled an appointment with my doctor. Problem is that only in 3 months I can have a follow up from him.
  
    So I've decided to have an ECG (where I live we can do it without doctor refferal). I did this ECG just to easy my anxiety regarding the palpitations.
  
    Did it just now and the report came back saying:
  
    "Normal ECG for the patient for his age group with sinus arrythmia"
  
    Every other ECG that I have done in my life never mentioned this arrythmia. Usually the report would only say : "Early repolarization".
  
    I was expecting that and came something different. Could it be that Relvar changed the way my heart works? Im a bit scared about this arrythmia, how did it "overlap" my early repolarization?
  
    Is it a misdiagnosis?
  
    I really don't know and I wish you could help me out understanding this.
  
    Here are the links for the ECG's I just did.
  
https://ibb.co/DMfcb0d https://ibb.co/Pcz59wP

    Thanks for the attention.

Article: My wife (33F) had a urine culture at 10 weeks and it discovered she was positive for GBS but only at 25,000 and her OB will only treat with antibiotics if it’s above 100,000 but will treat via IV during labor. Is it okay to not have the antibiotics now?

Article: I am 37F, weight is 163, I did have a previous concussion 8 years ago. I take Prozasin and Ambien for nightmares associated with PTSD, Gabapentin, Levothyroxin, Lipitor, Nuvaring. Had an Ozempic shot a week ago.
  
    I fell and hit my head while out for a walk (long story) and blacked out for an indefinite time, now I’m having issues.
  
    I’m just wondering if I should finally give in and see a doctor.
  
    I had a mild concussion 8 years ago and developed water on the brain that had to be drained by a spinal tap, because the excess water was causing me to go blind.
  
    Now, I fell and hit my head on the road on Wednesday. I haven’t been to the doctor. I blacked out, I don’t know for how long for sure because I was alone, but I think it was just for a few seconds. I had problems with grip strength on one side of my body the next day, I couldn’t hold onto things very well. I’d drop even candy wrappers. But that got better the next day. I had a bad headache for days, but that’s also improved.
  
    What hasn’t improved much is how irritable I am. I get dots in my vision. I am having mild trouble with memory and occasional spots of vision loss, but the vision comes back after a bit. My hands and face will periodically go numb, but that’s a type of migraine I sometimes get (but that’s been happening a lot more often since I hit my head). I have occasional slurred speech, and mild confusion when I’m on my feet for too long and mild loss of balance and mild dizziness.
  
    The weirdest thing that happened to me—and legit freaked me out and is why I’m making this post—was my tongue and lips went numb after I got home from work today. And the next feeling I had, my mouth felt like I had eaten something spicy, like a ton of cinnamon. It—no joke—tasted exactly like I’d eaten a ton of very spicy cinnamon. I have never experienced anything like this before. I had not eaten anything when it started. My mouth was so numb, and yet felt so much like it was on fire, that I bit my tongue at some point and had no idea until the spicy feeling faded hours later and my normal feeling came back.
  
    It was bizarre, and I actually teared up because it freaked me out.
  
    Should I be worried? Is it time to go to the doctor? Can anything be done to help, or do I just need to sleep it off?

Article: Age: 38
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 183cm
  
    Weight: 95kg
  
    Race: Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint: 24 hours
  
    Location: Australia. Lump is on upper right pectoral,maybe 2 inches below my collarbone.
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: None
  
    Current medications: None
  
    Noticed this mark appear on my chest seemingly inside of 24 hours - at first I thought it might have been a burn from splattering oil or something, because it looked red and shiny like a blister. It's painless, feels slightly raised (one of the images tried to capture the elevation) and is around 1-2mm in size. A cursory dr google tells me the cloest thing to it is BCC.
  
    I can't remember the last time I got sunburnt on my chest. I also get random blemishes on my chest quite a bit, just this one is larger than ones I can remember.
  
    I've booked to see my GP on Thursday about it.
  
    Thanks in advance.
  
    Images https://imgur.com/a/GKyM5UP https://imgur.com/OKIG93q

Article: 23F 52KG I have a lump on the side of my neck that is a pea, is hard and non painful. It is 9mm x 11mm I have a second one under my jaw that is squishy but has been there for years.
  
    I have had ultrasounds that have come back fine and even bloodwork.
  
    However,  the bloodwork came back saying I had high CRP. The doctor did not investigate further.
  
    However, I can’t shake the feeling that this isn’t right. They have been there for so long and my ENT and GP will not investigate any further. My gut is telling me that something isn’t right.
  
    Am I just anxiety ridden or is a biopsy something I should push for?

Article: 21 year old male. My recent blood test showed I have elevated estradiol. 45 pg/ml with a reference range < or = 39 pg/ml. Testosterone free/total, LH, and FSH are all normal. I’ve been experiencing symptoms such as low libido, fatigue, and insomnia for a year now. I’m lean, live a healthy life style, and have tried supplementing with dim, zinc, and vitamin D with no success. Side effects have been persistent. My GP didn’t want to prescribe me anything. How is this typically resolved? Is an aromatase inhibitor too much? I’m not on steroids or any exogenous hormones.

Article: Hi everyone, I've been experiencing several recurring symptoms multiple times per month or week for many years and I'm not sure what's going on. My symptoms include poor sleep, fatigue, headaches, pain when moving my eyes, and nasal blockage. Has anyone experienced something similar or have any idea what might be causing this? Any advice would be appreciated. Went to multiple docs but didnt get to the bottom of it.
  
    25 yo male, not smoking, living pretty much a healthy lifestyle. Symptoms been up since Im about 15-16.

Article: Since school started my 7 year old son and 4 year old daughter has been sick. It’s expected I suppose, to a point. My daughter has been sick then healthy for about a week then straight back into sick again.
  
    My son on the other hand has been sick nonstop since the start of school and the last month it’s been insanely bad. He’s waking up multiple times a night with a terrible non stop cough. The worst part though is his deep congestion and explosive sneezing. He is waking up around 5am every morning with explosive sneezing for about 15 minutes. It’s explosive sneeze after explosive sneeze.
  
    We have had him diagnosed two years ago with an allergy to dust mites so we have removed all stuff animals from his room. He has no thick carpets or anything that can attract mites other than his bedding which he needs. We clean religiously vacuuming multiple times a week and dusting once a week minimum.
  
    No idea what to do here. I feel terrible for the kid because he’s uncomfortable and not sleeping properly.
  
    Any thoughts or suggestions?

Article: 33F, 5'1", 110lbs Epilepsy, Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, history of anorexia. Non smoker. Lamotrigine, Topiramate, Lexapro, Mirapex, Ambien I'd say this happens like once every two weeks for the last year or so. I'll suddenly become overwhelmed with nausea, and I'll barf my guts out. Then I'm done. All good. Carry on as normal. It's like my stomach wanted to be empty. Doesn't seem tied to any particular food, and this isn't purging. What is Body doing?

Article: I read this: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/04/170419130352.htm

    Male, 32

Article: I (28 male) got a tympanostomy tube about six months ago. It affected my hearing at the time (hearing test confirmed this) but I've gotten used to it. It's now affecting my hearing again as sometimes things sound flat, and this picture from an at home otoscope (in comments) shows some type of growth around it. It looks like it's trying to fall out, but there's stuff around the tube. Is this normal? Is it normal for hearing to change at this stage?
  
    200lbs, 5’8”, got the ear tube due to repeated ear infections previously

Article: Hi all,
  
    27M, Australian. 75kg. 5ft9 Medication - Propranolol 10mg BD
  
    Here is the current complaint. Due to being inactive due to POTS in 2021, I went from 63kg to 89kg over about 12 months. All fat gain. I have since dropped (intentionally through diet and exercise) to 75kg (a healthy weight). However, one day around 74kg, I felt suddenly faint, hot & flushed, light-headed and anxious, and I thought I needed food. 5 mins after having a sandwich, I felt normal... only for the feeling of low blood sugar to return 3 hours later. Interestingly, my hands get hot & red, and the veins are dialated after eating as well, and then go awY after 2-3 hours, when i feel the symptoms again.This has been going on ever since (18months) and I'm at my wits end. Every 3 hours I have these symptoms. However, my sugar at the time is perfectly normal (4.5-5mmol). My fasting sugar is 4.7mmol (normal). It also doesn't seem sugar related, as when I have these feelings, if I eat a steak (1g carbs), it goes away. The most troubling is the light-headedness. I have never fainted, and the overall symptoms have improved slightly with weight loss... but wtf is going on? All my tests are normal... did i mess myself up gaining weight so quick? Is it a stomach transit time issue? Am I sensitive to adrenaline when my stomach empties? This also happens if I fast from waking e.g 2hours after waking, so is not only post prandial.
  
    Large volumes of fluid don't fix it, only solid food. I have tried low carb (under 100g daily). Helped a tiny bit but nothing notable. I am really sick of eating every 2-3 hours. It is severely impacting my quality of life. Someone mentioned idiopathic post prandial syndrome... but there seems to be little evidence as to why this occurs.
  
    Please any suggestions welcome

Article: Hello, I (27F) was found with cavitary nodule in my upper right lobe during a routine CT scan. I did a sputum test which came back negative. The pulmonologist has requested a repeat CT scan, and told me that if he cannot make a diagnosis, he's thinking about bronchoscopy. Now, what I want to know is why he requested a repeat CT and not just go directly for bronchoscopy? Is it possible to differentiate tb with cancer using CT scan?

Article: My(23f) daughter (6months) was prescribed miconazole cream as she had a red circle bordered rash on her cheek, the doctor said it looked like a fungal infection. I’ve been putting the cream on twice a day for just over a week and the rash has spread, there is two smaller circles on the same cheek and there are more blotches starting to appear on the other cheek now, it doesn’t weep and she doesn’t try to itch it and she is fine in herself. I’m now starting to worry that it is psoriasis as her father had psoriasis (only just cleared up this year).
  
    Do fungal infections typically spread? What can I also do to prevent it from spreading? I always make sure to keep her face dry since she dribbles a lot, I’ve also always made sure to wash her towels after using and she doesn’t go anywhere near the cats (cats don’t go on her things either if they have it’s been washed)

Article: 22F Since about March of this year ive been having intense painful headaches in the center of my forehead and around the top or bridge of my nose with pressure behind my eyes. My nose struggles to lubricate itself and is often dry inside. I rarely have any boogers and when i do they are rubbery or dry and greenish. When i cry, my nose does not properly drain within a few minutes it stays stuffy for hours. My earliest in-person doctor appointment is not until next year. An online doctor through my provider gave me amoxicillin-clavulanate/augmentin for a week and then I tried Flonase nasal spray for a couple weeks after. Neither have worked in fixing this and i am confident its not allergies at this point. I currently dont take any medicine and fresh air helps clear my nose a bit but being indoors at work or home makes it stuffier and harder to breath. Ive never had this issue before or anything similar.

Article: 33M, 58kg, 187cm, smoker (nicotine and thc)
  
    I've been on Lithium (600mg) and Lamotrigine (100mg) for about 2 months now. I just received the results of my blood test, but my next appointment with my psychiatrist is next month, he's on holidays. Results are all fine (in normal range) except my TSH (thyroid) ; I was at 3.07 µUI/mL last month, and now it is at 6.85 µUI/mL.
  
    It is above the normal range ; is it an urgent matter? I mean, should I lower lithium dosage? I went from 400mg to 600mg last week.
  
    2nd question, I have many dentist appointements (heavy work) before I meet my psychiatrist again. Is 6.85 µUI/mL TSH a problem for dentistry?

Article: for the past week and a half i've been having this ache which transpires around the bottom area of my ribs.
  
    it doesn't hurt when i breath nor has it been caused by a fall (i hardly go out) but it does cause discomfort when i raise my arm above my head and stretch. feels like something's been pulled wrong but i can't see how since i've done no recent extra curricular activity.
  
    can it have maybe be done in my sleep? why does it only hurt on one side?
  
    edit: forgot to mention but it hurts when i touch that area too roughly too.

Article: I lived in a city with rowhomes and a neighbor on my side and another across the street both died of the same type of aggressive brain tumors about 5 to 10 years after moving off the street. Is this just a coincidence? My family thinks so. I think its odd though.
  
    I've since moved as well as my family. Someone suggested it could be all the TV antennas and transformers on the street. But some electric experts assured me the EMF cancer theory is unlikely (and I hope so because I currently have a mounted transformer right next to my apartment 😕).
  
    So docs do you think its just coincidental?

Article: 34yo Male 6’5” 350lbs Dx Hypertension (Controlled) Rx Losartan HCTZ 100/25
  
    So I was sick with an URI about 5-6 weeks ago that progressed to my chest. I was prescribed the Prednisone 5 day pack and eventually got better.
  
    Fast forward to today and have been sick with another URI (thanks to my kids and school lol ) that has again turned ugly over the course of 7 days. My mucus/sputum was initially clear but is now darkening to shades of greens/yellows etc. I didn’t feel like going anywhere so I made a telehealth appointment and talked with a doctor who prescribed a Z pack and a round of prednisone. During the call I forgot to mention that I had Prednisone 5-6 weeks ago. Is it safe to take it again? Or should I pass on taking it?
  
    Edit - the original course 6 weeks ago was the taper dose x5 days and what was prescribed for me today is 2 tablets per day x 5 days.

Article: 29F
  
    2 days ago I fell down the stairs. I landed on my butt and bounced down the rest of the way. It hurt pretty badly. 2 days later and I can hardly walk. Sitting, bending, getting up HURTS so badly. I see some bruises on my thighs, some on my butt. My butt is swollen. The pain is intense. My husband and google say nothing can be done about a broken tailbone, so it’s pointless to go. Should I just continue to treat at home with limited activity and medication?

Article: 29/M, 5’10, 214LBs.
  
    Meds- Busiprone-10mg x3 Daily, anxiety Topiramate- Migraines 25mg x1 daily. Omeprazole- 40mg x1 daily. Heartburn/GERD
  
    Let me preface by saying I have been diagnosed as prediabetic. Recently have been having to use the restroom at night at least once. However the past few nights it’s been multiple times waking me up with a full bladder. I’m also waking up in a full sweat as well. And not just a sweat I mean, hair soaking, body outlined sweat. I’ve been losing weight but I’m kind of concerned that the possibility of diabetes has progressed from pre into a full form potentially. I can’t even make it through a night now without being up 2-3 times having to pee at this point. And it’s a full bladder feeling each time.
  
    I’m also dealing with bouts of hunger, real nasty hunger where I just need to eat everything. I have a discolored tongue recently, yellowish. Leg and foot keeps going numb in my sleep as well recently. Should I head to get some tests done at this point? Thanks.

Article: I had outside food recently, and now I'm unwell with a fever, nausea, and overall weakness. Strangely, I've noticed a pattern of getting sick after eating out in the past few years.
  
    Help me guys. 😢😷
  
    Age: 24 Height: 5’11 Previous medications: N/A Daily physical activity: Little to none.

Article: Hi!
  
    22M, 173cm, 90~kg (Starting diet as recommended by GP), non-smoker, no alcohol or other drugs (Minus coffee).
  
    I’ve been lately having this left chest discomfort and mucus. It started about a week ago, when I was doing some cardio (Playing Laser Tag with my friends) and I had to slow down because I started to get a pressure feeling on all my chest and started to cough up a lot (No other symptoms), as soon as I started slowing, in the course of 15-20 minutes every symptom stopped. The room we did the activity in was humid and had some fumes/vapour (Not sure which, but they’re safe) to make the lasers work, just pointing it out in case it may be related. I’m a bit sedentary but on my yearly, work-provided health screening all came back fine (EKG was fine, blood and urine too) minus a bit of cholesterol which I’m trying to put a remedy on (220~ when the max, safe level is 200, at least according to the resume PDF they handed me after the checkup).
  
    Now I’ve been having this, dull, sometimes a bit burning-like pain on my left chest. Sometimes also migrates to my right chest but it’s not common. I’d say it’s on a 2-3 ache scale out of 10 (More like an annoyance, rather than acute pain, but really annoying).
  
    It hasn’t got worse but also hasn’t got better, that’s why I haven’t made an appointment with my GP yet (Also considering I’ve had a positive checkup less than 2 weeks ago…) and I’m asking here.
  
    I’ll take a painkiller later to discard MSK, but I think it may be something else because of the mucus.
  
    I have no other symptoms, no fever, no breath shortness…
  
    I’m a bit lost, any ideas? Worth getting evaluates by my GP?
  
    Thanks everyone!

Article: So i get this pain when I’m on my knees and I fully bend them and sit on them. The pain is sharp and its worse if my toes are bent forward as well. The pain subsides after a few repetitions but when I stand back up again, i need a couple of seconds to ease my weight back on the knee.
  
    This problem is only in my right knee. I’ve also noticed that if I do the aforementioned movement once, then i get a pain of similar type, but less magnitude if I’ve kept my knee slightly bent for a while. This pain too subsides soon enough once I stand up.

Article: 20 Male, 11 Stone, 5'6
  
    Hi, on the weekend I pulled my muscle on my right shoulder, it has happened before but this time all I did was shut a door gently and my it started to hurt so much. The pain in my shoulder has nearly gone I just get burning sensation now, but I feel a lot of pressure on my chest and feels a bit difficult to breath. It feels sore when breathing, I only got pain in my right side of my chest when I pulled my muscle and pain in my ribs but no other pain anywhere else on my chest. I am finding that i am getting out of breath easier as well.
  
    I do have asthma but when I pulled my shoulder muscle this bad before I've never encountered this problem.
  
    Thank you.

Article: 20F, diagnosed autistic and OCD
  
    i literally cannot go outside during the day because the daylight is making me exhausted, gives me a headache and i constantly squint, even with sunglasses on. i only go outside when it’s dark because of this. what is causing this? this has been happening since i hit puberty

Article: Hi, I am an 18 year old female and I have been experiencing red splotchy-ness on my legs and occasionally other parts of my body, like chest or arms after I shower, I weigh around 65kg and am 5'8 I'm not on any medication although I do have a condition called POTS although I'm not sure if it's a result of blood pooling as I have had this longer than POTS (I'm trying to attach a photo but I can't figure it out so I will come back with one)

Article: 36M here. Result of my ct tap scan as below. My doc told me nothing to worry about. So seeking a 2nd opinion here. Is there anything i need to worry about? TIA
  


    No abnormal pulmonary mass, consolidation or suspicious pulmonary nodule is seen.
  


    No mediastinal or adrenopathy or pleural effusion is seen.
  


    No abnormal intra-abdominal or pelvic mass is seen. No abdominal or retroperitoneal adenopathy is noted.
  


    Subtle subpleural scarring Is seen at bilateral lung apices.
  


    A few small subpleural blebs are seen in the medial aspect of the left upper lobe. A few punctate lung cysts are seen in the basal portion of the right upper lobe.
  


    A punctate hypodensity in the lower pole of the right kidney probably represents a tiny cyst. No hydronephrosis is noted.

Article: Age - 49
  
    Sex - Female
  
    Height - 5' 2"
  
    Weight - 140 lbs.
  
    Race - Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint - 2 1/2 months
  
    Location - Tampa Florida
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues rheumatoid arthritis, COPD, systolic CHF, anxiety and depression, +bipolar disorder
  
    Current medications Ipratopium Bromide/Albuterol solution for nebulizer, trazadone, lamotrygine
  
    Include a photo if relevant for some reason it won't allow me to provide photos -
  
    Can someone please he help me by telling me what in the world i have? I thought i had head lice that was resistant to everything. I've used NIX, RID (both super strength for superlice), tea tree oil, teatree shampoo, coconut oil, Vaseline, Neem oil, Vamousse, several different store brand lice killers, apple cider vinegar and regular vinegar, even Listerine, prescription permathrin cream × 3 prescriptions and left on for 8-12 hours all 3 times and Ivermectin cream and pills (prescription of 2 pills). I even shaved my head thinking because is was so long and thick some eggs may have been missed. Unfortunately that did not solve the problem. In fact NOTHING has gotten rid of whatever it is and it's only getting worse My PCP said she thinks it's scabies and prescribed the permathrin cream and 2 ivermectin pills plus a referral to a dermatologist. Unfortunately my insurance doesn't cover and i cant afford to pay out of pocket full price. Ive already got over $600 out in this nightmare. Not to mention sleep lost and alot of energy wasted on disinfecting, washing everything that is washable DAILY including pillows and sheets & comforter and spraying my house and porch my bed, furniture, and perimeter around the house with mite & bedbug spray. I don't understand why when i run a lice comb over my hair stubble i get no bugs but if I move the comb around my scalp starts turning black in a spot that was white before moving the comb around and gently pushing from back to front. And then it slowly spreads back out appearing to look like normal scalp color. I'm hoping that makes sense to you. Also get black patches on my my face, chest and abdomen, back, neck, arms, legs, hands and feet that come and goes. I researched Demodex and scabies but as you see by this post i did the medicine treatment for both. I feel like all of the treatments i did would calm it down for a day or two only to have it come back stronger than before treatment. I'm not terribly itchy tho so i dont think its either scabies or demodex mites BTW this problem started beginning of September. Im hoping to be able to upload some of the photos I've taken for you to take a look at. Thank you in advance! Any information is greatly appreciated. Im out of options and don't know what else to do. One more thing to add. If it was headlice or scabie mites wouldn't my boyfriend or cat have contracted whatever this is if it were headlice or scabies/ mange mites after being exposed for over two months?

Article: I have an elderly family member (70+)  with a bad liver, diabetes, and several other health issues. Her liver is so bad that they have her on meds to keep her ammonia levels under control.
  
    Last week she somehow developed an abscess on her spine that caused sepsis. She was admitted to the ER after becoming delirious.
  
    We were told that the sepsis had caused her kidneys to shut down and that she would need a central line with strong antibiotics and dialysis to survive, but she was too weak to survive either, let alone both. She fell unconscious and could not be revived. The decision was made to move her to hospice and stop all medications (except pain meds to keep her comfortable) as well as all IV fluids.
  
    That was 5 days ago, but she is still clinging to life. My question is how?
  
    How is this 70+ year old woman with diabetes, liver failure, kidney failure and sepsis still breathing on her own with no assistance without any food or water, let alone the laundry-list of the meds that were keeping her alive before? How was she too weak for the life-saving measures she needed, but strong enough to still be fighting for her life a week later under conditions that could kill a healty person after a few days?

Article: I am 19f, 5ft tall, 100 lbs, white, nonsmoker, and on no medications though I sometimes take vitamin c and d.  I got the HPV vaccine the last week of September. I was on the second day of my period when I got the vaccine. That was my second dose, and I remember when I got the first dose my period was slightly late, but not this bad. I've now gone I think 42 days without a period according to the app I have that tracks it and it's freaking me out. I've also been under a ton of stress recently, which I know can contribute, but I'm really nervous.I do have a boyfriend, but we are waiting until marriage for any type of penetrative sex and when we do mess around, it's with extreme caution and we're not doing anything that could lead to pregnancy anyway.I've been having all my typical PMS symptoms (breakouts, bloating, mild cramps) from around the time when I should have started to now, but no actual bleeding. What should I do? Should I be concerned? Is there any correlation between the HPV vaccine and the menstrual cycle?TL:DR: I got my period on the 2nd day of my menstrual cycle and now I've gone over 40 days without one. Should I be worried and what should I do?

Article: 30F, smoker, don't take any medication Hello to the doctors of Reddit, first of all, thank you to everyone for the responses and the time you take to answer questions. A few months ago, during a routine check-up, an elevation in liver enzymes was detected, and I was referred to a specialist for monitoring. The enzymes remained elevated for three months, during which I was tested for chronic and acute viral diseases (hepatitis A, C, etc.), all of which turned out negative. Afterward, the specialist requested a test for smooth muscle antibodies, which came back positive. Before the last follow-up, liver parameters returned to normal, except for elevated bilirubin. The specialist mentioned that the positive antibodies are nothing to worry about, but did not explain further. I would appreciate it if someone could explain whether smooth muscle antibodies can be positive without a specific reason and how. Thanks again to everyone for taking the time to respond.

Article: 34m, 5'9'' 240lbs, White. I've recently started a new job in a steel foundry using heavy duty power tools to grind and trim big steel pieces. It's been about a month and although I stretch and take OTC pains meds, my hands are constantly hurting. I get trigger finger early mornings and late evenings and in between a general pain and occasional numbness.
  
    Is there good options for treating this? Would exercising the fingers help or do they just need rest? I tried sleeping in brace but had no improvement the next day.
  
    Thank you

Article: I'm 21F and recently I've developed these intensely itchy bumps that cover my upper arm. i wouldnt describe them to be like hives, they're more of acne-like in texture. the itch feeling is similar to those felt when u continuously scratch a mosquito bite. more context is that i have very dry skin and ichthyosis vulgaris. the only things ive changed in my life so far is my body soap and body lotion. i dont have these bumps anywhere else except my upper arm and i dont have a record of skin allergies to any lotion or soap. i also changed my sheets and checked for bugs (i found none). so far, all i've been doing is washing it with mild soap and applying aloe vera gel when it becomes too uncomfy and trying to cool it off. i am willing to answer more questions if needed. help is greatly appreciated 🥹

Article: Hi, I'm (23F) having a hard time because I always need to massage my father's back, legs and feet because he feels the numbness, tingling and sudden pain in his body. Even though he's taking his maintenance med and pain reliever meds.
  
    Now that I will need to work far away from my dad because I just got employed. I wanted to ask for assistance or any home remedies, or anything that I can do or something to buy to help lessen the pain he's feeling everyday.
  
    Can you pleass help me? Thankss

Article: 15 year old (male) yesterday night I woke up with pain behind left eye and lasted for around 12 hours I was off and on sleeping, my eyes have always been fuzzy (static vision) and blurry when I’m looking at things from a far. what should I do ? Does this sound like I need glasses ?

Article: Hi all, I am an American(29F, 60kg, 161cm, good health no meds) who had the chickenpox vaccine as a child 25ish years ago. I live in the UK now where the vaccine is not routinely given to children and have a child (3F) that will be starting school soon. I am wondering if I will still have immunity from the vaccine when she inevitably catches it? Thanks

Article: 21M, never had other issues before and don't take any medications
  
    Hi there sorry for my bad English. This is not my first language but I hope you can understand what I a trying to explain. In the last 9 Weeks I am constantly facing symptoms that feel like having a cold (sometimes I do have fever and a runny nose... I also have night sweats and don't have a lot of energy and need to sleep a lot). The symptoms are worse on some days and better on there days but I never feel cured 100%. I was at my local doctor's office 4 times now and they don't know what it could be (they ruled out EBV but don't know what else it could be). I live in Germany btw. Maybe someone has a clue on what it could be or how I could proceed. Thank you so much in advance

Article: 20F, South Asian, with a family history of bad bones, arthritis, and muscular dystrophy. No drugs or alcohol. I take Effexor and Ritalin for depression and ADHD. I'm anemic but don't take anything for it.
  
    I have a desk job and an extremely inactive routine. I experience shoulder pain, stiffness, and back pain from time to time but nothing too serious. I experience cervical spine pain as well every now and then.
  
    Over the past few weeks, I have had a more hectic routine than usual. Lots of walking, standing in queues, and long-distance travel. Every time I stand for longer than 5 minutes, sit in the same position for more than 10 minutes, or walk for more than a half a kilometer, my legs hurt and my knees feel like they're burning. I wouldn't call it excruciating but definitely a 7/10 in terms of pain level. It becomes worse with colder temperatures as well.
  
    Should I be too concerned?

Article: Age: 24
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 5’10
  
    Weight: 190lbs / 85 kilos I think
  
    Race: White
  
    This is hard to write as I can barley think but I recently (in the past 4 months) began to go exercise regularly at the gym. When I leave, my sweat naturally starts to dry and what follows is a unbearable gnawing itch. It really starts after I take a shower, as soon as I get out I feel it coming on. It’s not uncomfortable, it’s to the point where I need to sit down and just wait for it to pass. I can’t think about anything else. If I were to try to stand up, my knees would just buckle, I tried to do the dishes once while experiencing this onset of itching - impossible.
  
    I’ve always had sensitive skin all my life. When I was younger, SLIGHTLY dirty pools would cause me to break out with red hives all over my body. They weren’t itchy. I went to the doctor multiple times, they had no explanation. A few years ago, I went to the bahamas. I had been sunburnt so bad that I developed « Hells Itch » hands down the worst thing I have dealt  with in my life, literal torture.
  
    Coming back to my itchy skin after working out, I don’t know what to do. Cold showers, hot showers,lotion; I don’t know what to do. I missed class this morning because I wasn’t able to put my shoes on due to the itching, I just held my ankles waiting for the hell to subdue.
  
    Does anybody have any f***ing idea what could possibly cause this? How can I treat this?

Article: 23F
  
    This place that I’m in is infested. So many attempts to get rid of them in the past FOUR. MONTHS. and they’re still here. No, I can’t hire an exterminator because of reasons I don’t wanna disclose (just please believe me, I would if I could). I thought they were finally dwindling, but what happened just now is….
  
    Just now I was making French fries. Got through the first batch. Was on the second when I noticed something that’s definitely not a fry frying in there. Yes, the dishes I was using were spotless and washed a hundred times over with soap, brand new sponges and all.
  
    I had a couple of the fries of the first batch. Now my brain is thinking, “what if it was already in the first and I didn’t notice?”. To be fair, I didn’t notice it floating around in there in the first batch.
  
    I’m yet another huge hypochondriac, I wanna throw up and can feel another panic attack coming. I hate this situation. Can anyone give any advice on this situation? I don’t even know what advice I’m looking for. I don’t know what else to do.

Article: Long story short, I am a user of steroids and have been for a short while, I've been using trenabalone enathate for the course of 3 weeks with weekly doses of 350 mg, I split them up and inject in my glutes twice a week, same spot every time.
  
    I have devolped a massive lump on the injection site, grew concerned I searched up on how to get rid of it and I read on Quara the best solution is by massaging the lump, I have done rubbed it but super hard for like 40 minutes and after wards I have devolped a massive head ache as I type right now. I am worried have I just made the medication absorb to quick? Or am I over reacting and will I be just fine?
  
    My information
  
    Age: 22
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 6'5
  
    Weight: 200 pounds
  
    Race: white
  
    Duration of complaint: today
  
    Location: Australia
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: no
  
    Current medications: only Trenabalone enathate

Article: Hi I'm 23m.
  
    Mid august i played volleyball and was about to set the ball (push it up with two open hand finger push thing), but the ball was too low and it only hit my right thumb and bent it backwards (and maybe some downwards too). It caused a lot of pain so i took a short break but continued playing a bit more that day.
  
    The day after it still hurts a lot and i went to the doctor. He couldn't feel any instability in the thumb and said to keep it calm for some time.It got a little better with time. And i got it checked again two weeks later where i got told it's probably a sprain. Then two and a half month after the injury i went to the doctor again, and to make sure nothing was broken he took an x-ray.. Nothing was broken.
  
    Right now (three month after the injury) i have a little pain in the mcp joint when moved back and it just feels a little off in general. When holding my too hands clapped together, my injured thumb can't move as far back and there is some resistance in the movement. There is also clear visual differences around the thumb on the hand (pictures :D) https://imgur.com/a/TVo2zrG

    I am worried that my doctor has missed something because it's still not good and it feeling like somethings is in there. So i'm asking here, to see if i can get some help or advice! thx :D

Article: Please help me understand my urine test.
  
    Hi 28 year old female, i weigh 47 and suffer with ibs - c , gastritis and asthma
  
    I had a few urine dip stick test that showed a slight bladder infection but dr wasn’t too worried. This was about two weeks ago.
  
    I went in to a bad ibs flare up on Friday and started my period we assume. On Friday i was send for a lab test of my urine. I dont have any uti related symptoms i can distinguish from my ibs flare. Dont feel the urge to urinate often and no burning or pain. Still just suffering with my ibs flare up.
  
    Im starting antibiotics (azithromycin) for my sinus infection ( bad sinus problems for last 3 weeks and now have green plegm ) today but received my urine results and kind of freaking out that i have a really bad urine infection i have been ignoring and that its going to go septic.
  
    Do i leave the antibiotics for the sinus problems and do the urizone for the bladder and then do my sinuses infection antibiotics?
  
    Are these results very bad ??

Article: I was driving yesterday & without warning got light headed & experienced the weirdest thing with my vision. It was like my peripheral was narrowing in & shaky. I happened to be on speaker phone & said "I don't feel good I need to pull over" but while knowing this my body turned the car left very narrowly escaping an accident. I had a wave of nausea and I was able to pull off where the vision persisted for almost 2 minutes. When I would close my eyes I got like a strobe light effect and the only way I can explain it was my vision was shaky with black and white triangles. Once the dizziness and vision started to get normal again, I got a headache in the bak of my head on the right and felt my heart beating strong in there. It lasted only about 35 min. I felt so discombobulated but think that was anxiety from what had just happened scaring me so much! I also have blood pooling just in my fingertips which I’ve had before and may or may not be related but I wanted to mention in case. I don’t drink or smoke or use any drugs. I am 35, 150 pounds and I have been experiencing some weird autoimmune like symptoms for a year. They kick started after delivering my second baby. I’m 5 foot 6 and obviously really worried.

Article: Male, 25, not on any meds, 6ft4, don't drink or smoke - 290lbs
  
    From the test it looks like my Alanine Transaminase (ALT) and Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT) are out of range.
  
    I'm just worried that means that I've got liver damage and that it might be serious. Thanks for a help!
  
    Here are my results:
  
    Alanine Transaminase (ALT)
  
    Normal range: 10-50 U/L
  
    73
  
    Albumin
  
    Normal range: 35-50 g/L
  
    43
  
    Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)
  
    Normal range: 30-130 U/L
  
    54
  
    Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT)
  
    Normal range: 1-55 U/L
  
    57
  
    Total Bilirubin
  
    Normal range: below < 21mu*mol / L
  
    16
  
    Total Protein
  
    Normal range: 60-80 g/L
  
    73
  
    Globulin
  
    Normal range: 20 - 35g / l
  
    24

Article: Hello I was wondering if anyone had an idea of what’s going on?
  
    Context: 23F, normal bmi & suffer from IBS
  
    Not always but sometimes when I stand up from sitting I get this pain in my right or along my abdomen it’s so hard to describe because it’s not like a sharp sudden pain but like a dragging/winded feeling? It stops me in my tracks and I have to stand to recover for a few seconds. it happened yesterday and today and a few times before in the past but I’m just unsure of what it could be?
  
    Thank you!

Article: 25F, 178lbs. This is an old  throwaway, i’m embarrassed and don’t want this on my main account.
  
    Semi recently, I had strep throat, which I experienced frequently. After several days of abx, I wasn’t had developed a cough, moderate chest pain and SOB on exertion, tachycardia 120’s-130’s, and fever. I was told to go to the ER by my manager, who is an experienced RN. I was too embarrassed to go to my hospital’s ER, so I went to the one across town.
  
    The provider essentially dismissed my symptoms - “you have a history of anxiety” (OCD, no medical fixations, no ER visits due to this ever), and “you’re probably fine but I’ll just give you some fluids, a CBC and a chest xray”. CBC was fine aside from elevated WBC’s, nothing crazy on chest xray, so they discharged me, essentially said it was just anxiety.
  
    I read the provider’s notes after my visit, something I never do, and they were kind of alarming. I realize that medical notes are easy to misinterpret, but it sounds incredibly biased to me.
  
    Some highlights-
  


    I have a couple medical conditions that run in my family. They are on being actively treated. I provided the info when asked in triage and I specifically remember because the provider mentioned knowing my rheumatologist. However, the only medical history specifically on the note was psych history (OCD, PTSD, and a years-old, inaccurate, bipolar 2 diagnosis). I see a psychiatrist who has confirmed I do not meet the criteria for bipolar. There is a note that states this under the diagnosis column on my patient profile.
  


    No mention of active strep infection and specifically states “no current medications”. I was on antibiotics and I take a couple medications that have some significant contraindications with other meds. Again, all on my profile and I went over my med list to the provider during my assessment.
  


    specific exam features are listed. She did not get within 5 feet of me, because if she had she may have seen the pustules in my throat and my 3+, bright red tonsils instead of listing it as “normal”
  


    “chronic conditions make the patient higher risk for panic disorder and hyperventilation”. Sure, I agree, but this comment out of context could be interpreted by another provider as if I’m a patient who is prone to drama.
  


    “problems related to certain psychosocial circumstances which significantly limit diagnosis and treatment”. This one upset me the most. I feel that it makes it seem like I am non compliant or not mentally competent, it’s essentially saying that my mental illness is preventing me from participating in my care.
  


    I have a good relationship with my regular doctors, I went through a couple notes from past visits and I saw no mention of any psych issues. I am worried that this note could affect a future provider’s assessment of my symptoms. I work at a hospital, I am medically literate, I’m a CNA working on getting into PA school. I’m not psychologically unstable or unable to recognize “anxiety”.
  
    If I’m completely misinterpreting this, please correct me.
  
    Also, the strep infection wasn’t treated by the first course of abx, something that happens in people who have frequent strep infections like I used to. I had to do another course and had RSV also. I found out later that day when my doc was able to squeeze me in between appointments. So no, it wasn’t “a panic attack”. Guess I’m glad I didn’t ignore it & end up with an actual life threatening problem!

Article: Hey i was at the doctor today because of breathlessness and back pain. Im a non smoker 22M. Height: 175Cm Weight: 66.5KG First of all my symptoms have gotten waaay better over last few weeks But i went to the doctor anyways since i had the appointment.
  
    First she took my weight which Said 61kg. Im pretty sure this is wrong since my own and friends weight thing says 66.5kg. After that i took the spirometer test and Got 4.0 liter Air, which she meant was low. And something under 70%. The spirometer they used also looked bad. There was tape Holding it together.
  
    While taking the test i blew all my Air Out in like under a second. And couldnt keep blowing. And she kept saying keep going But i was finished Way before. Is there a chance this result could be wrong?
  
    She looked kinda worried about my results which in return made me worried. But i feel so much better so i dont get it. Now that im worrying i feel breathlessness lol
  
    Quick note: i have No history with asthma or any lung or heart problem neither has my family

Article: 33M I had a sexual encounter Sunday the 29th that was protected besides some genital rubbing around my butt I was the receptive partner) 2-3 days after I started feeling tired and had chills and maybe a low grade fever, as well as sweating at night and a maybe swollen lymph node. After about a week the tiredness and those symptoms have subsided.
  
    It's day 15 since the encounter and the last few nights, l've been sweating at night a little and have some throat irritation as well a cough and a little diarrhea this morning. The condom didn't break after the actual encounter so I don't know why I got sick and are having these symptoms. I'm getting tested tomorrow doing a 4th Gen test. But should I really be worried about HIV? Someone please help!

Article: 19F, no known physical conditions.
  
    So I have always been able to pop my hips out of their sockets when I lean or put weight on either side. I can do it on command with no pain, I just feel it pop and you can physically see the side of my hip protrude out. It sometimes happens accidentally when I lean to one side but it mostly happens when its on purpose. I think it just goes back into place by itself when I stop leaning, all completely painless.
  
    I thought everyone could do this, but when i recently showed some people, they were freaked out and said that isn’t normal. So what does this mean? My mother 52F has hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis, and is in a lot of pain and is getting a hip replacement soon. Could this be a possible sign I am due for the same fate?

Article: Hi!
  
    I (F22, no use of drugs or alcohol, no conditions/use of medication) recently noticed these little bumps on my body, predominately on my arms & legs.
  
    This has never happened before (that I know of). A quick Google search states it could possibly be keratosis pilaris?
  
    The odd area itches here & there, but that’s it symptom wise (other than the view of the rash itself).
  
    Thanks!

Article: Age
  
    Sex
  
    Height
  
    Weight
  
    Race
  
    Duration of complaint
  
    Location
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues
  
    Current medications
  
    Include a photo if relevant

Article: [20 Male]  So, most of the times when I go to bed to sleep, the palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot. Sometime, uncomfortably so. Any idea why this happens. I am just curious, its been happening for around a year now.

Article: I am a 20 Male 6’0 170 smoker i got hit in the head with a small item really hard,My question is, can you die from a brain bleed if you haven’t experienced nausea or a major headache? Top right side of my head has been numb have had a super runny nose with a lot of clear mucus and had a bloody nose last two nights feel a little lightheaded but could just be sick(to clarify I don’t think I have one but I’m not entirely sure) was hit in forehead right above eye causing right side of scalp to go numb for days, still numb.

Article: Does masterbating cause face acne breakout?
  
    I know this from a couple of google search that masterbating does not cause any form of any acne breakout but the acne on my face only appears after masterbating. I (22m) have been off 2 weeks since and my face has no sign on of acne . Why does it happen only after masterbating?

Article: 23f
  
    I am getting a loop recorder implant and I forgot to inform my doctor that I use kratom. I will be sedated for the procedure, I believe it’ll be twilight zone sedation. Can kratom affect the effectiveness of the anesthesia? If so, how long should I stop using before the procedure? Thanks:)
  
    And I know kratom can affect liver function, my AST/ALT are great, although AST is lower than normal. I get blood work done quite frequently. My dose is low.
  
    Medical history:
  


    lupus nephritis
  


    aortic aneurysm
  


    bicuspid aortic valve
  


    unspecified arrhythmia
  


    Other meds:
  


    Prozac 60mg
  


    Seroquel 100mg
  


    Klonopin 0.5mg
  


    birth control
  


    Qulipta
  


    Rizatriptan 10mg
  


    Vitamin D supplements

Article: Female 30, hx of Asthma, Migraines, ADHD.
  


    -Meds taken: Vyvanse, Dextroamphetamine, Cyclobenzaprine, Mounjaro, Trelegy, Flonase, Allegra, birth control pill, Allegra
  


    Vitamins taken: B100 complex, flaxseed oil, magnesium glycinate & citrate, L Theanine, NALT, cod liver oil, ginseng, chlorophyll, probiotics, coq10, MSM, GABA, gingko, L Tyrosine.
  


    -ISSUE: severe pain & tingling in back. Pain radiating into lower back, shoulder, arm, neck
  
    I’ve been having issues with my back since March, but it has never been as severe as it is now.
  
    In March I started getting increased back pain accompanied by tingling. The tingling would come and go and so would the pain. I got an x ray of my neck which showed my cervical spine was completely straight. I bought a cervical pillow & it helped a lot.
  
    Now since this past Friday, I have been having the worst pain & discomfort ever. The pain is constant & it’s mostly on the right side of my back in the trapezius area. In addition to the constant pain, I am also getting shooting pains & spasms into my shoulder, arm, hand, neck, & down my back & constant really intense tingling.
  
    It hurts when I sit up and also while laying down. It literally feels like static/pins & needles are in my back, especially on the right side and it’s super intense. The right side of my back is the main & most severe area of pain but I’m feeling pain all over my back.
  
    The spasms & shooting pains are so severe it stops me in my tracks & these spasms shoot into multiple places with no rhyme or reason.
  
    Also, if I press a certain area in my clavicle area and move my shoulder, there’s a click/pop sensation. I have neck pain as well but primarily on the right side.
  
    I’ve tried my massage gun, muscle relaxers, pain meds, hot bath, hot shower, stretching, heating paid, ice pack.. none of this has helped. It’s getting worse with each passing day. I have an appt with my primary doc Thursday, but I’m not sure I can last that long. My neuro treats my migraines & the original back issue, but for whatever reason, he just isn’t sending me for any imaging.
  
    I am thinking a possible herniated disc, & the tingling could be coming from a nerve being compressed, but I’m unsure.
  
    I know I need imaging of my back done as there is something really wrong with my back. I am trying to avoid the ER & wait for my appointment.
  
    What could this be? I am trying to emphasize to my doctor that this is not normal and it’s making me miserable. Can someone please help me?

Article: Male, 2 months old, 14 pounds, unsure of length. No medications, no medical conditions or concerns, and no vaccines.
  
    Last Sunday he developed a cough, which unfortunately wasn’t surprising as our 16 month old son had been coughing for a few days (and the whole house eventually became sick). By the Wednesday, we were concerned with the cough so we brought him into emerg. I’m in Canada and it was impossible to find a paediatric walk-in clinic. At the hospital, they swab for all the viruses (covid, RSV, rhino, etc.) and say that they’ll call us if it’s positive. No news is good news. And we were sent home with what to look for if he gets any worse.
  
    We never received a call.
  
    By the Saturday, he was worse - mild retractions, mild fever, cough worse, making gasping noises before his cough. So we brought him back to emerg. We informed triage, our nurse, and the doctor that we were here on Tuesday and that we did not receive a call from the swab. I asked if we can swab again because he clearly had something. The doctor finally (after already waiting 5 hours to be seen) says that she’ll check the results from Tuesday, and go from there.
  
    She comes back within 5 minutes and says that our results from Tuesday were actually positive for RSV. At this point it was taken very seriously - respiratory specialist, sinuses sucked out, pediatrician showed up quickly, stats run again.
  
    I cannot behind to explain the frustration and anger. Not one person at the hospital apologized or expressed that this never should have happened. It was entirely glossed over. We’re literally shocked at the change in how everything was handled before and after finding out he was positive.
  
    Can we consider not receiving this call as negligence? Should we be making a complaint, and if so, where? This type of thing should never happen.

Article: Male - 31
  
    For the last few weeks, I have been peeing more often than I should be, sometimes, around every  hour but other times it can be 5 hours, depending on fluid intake. I don’t have to get up in the night to pee but it all starts to kick off during the day, which is getting in the way of work.
  
    I have been to the Drs, had a urine test, everything came back clear (UTI, diabetes, bladder c, kidney function) I do have a follow up on the 28th November but just come here to see if anyone has the same symptoms.
  
    I have recently just moved home and I must admit, when doing work round the house, my fluid intake for the last few months has mostly been the diet cans. (Coke Zero, Pepsi max) I don’t know if that could have triggered something.  I also did a lot of bike riding for charity through the spring and summer, I don’t know if that could’ve aggravated something. I’ve also struggling a bit with anxiety for the last couple years and it always heightens when health related.
  
    I have had this happen before around 6 years ago, where I randomly started peeing a lot more, just like today but it cleared up after a couple weeks and even then, a urine sample showed nothing. I’ve read about prostatitis and what not but I’m really not sure.
  
    Cheers for the help!

Article: White 26 Year old Male, 110lbs 5" 3'. Over 1 year history of dizziness, headache and minor speech slurring. I just got a head MRA no contrast, and it looks...very strange to my limited knowledge. One artery is much shorter, and neither cerebral artery seems to have much branching like I see in other head MRA images. Does this look normal? I'm wondering if there's images I wasn't provided (theres like 200+, but the anterior circulation is throwing me off.) Previous head MRI showed nothing.
  
    Current medical issues are hypertension, acid reflux and possible ear infection.
  
https://imgur.com/a/cRBIQbV

Article: Female 33 5’8” 209lbs Teacher (relevant) 3 year old son (relevant)
  
    I have an appointment with my PCP Friday, but help me here. Is this normal?
  
    I was very careful during 2020-2021 because I had an infant son. I never got sick. Even the prior 9 years I had been teaching, I never got sick. Maybe once per year. In 2022 I caught all my son’s daycare bugs it seemed, and then I got Covid once.
  
    Then May 2023 - my son and I got strep. I hadn’t had strep in 10 years! Fine. Daycare bug. Then in July, he got strep again. I did not. Then in August I got hit with strep and Covid. He got strep again. In September, he and I got a stomach virus, and I got some weird respiratory virus. On Oct 27 I got Covid again. Yesterday. I got strep, AGAIN!!!!
  
    Relevant info : I teach 6-8 band class. Germ city, but I have always taught that class. 11 years. The last 2 years, 3 and 4 year old music has been added to my daily routine. Could this really be normal? My immunity never sucked before. Maybe the pre k exposure?
  
    Also notable, in 2021 at my last big bloodwork, my vitamin d levels were “barely low” and she didn’t check them in 2022. Maybe my d levels are causing this? I don’t supplement, I was taking elderberry.
  
    What’s wrong with me?!

Article: I have a skin issue from a young age. Somehow, it's yellowish and pale. I don't have jaundice. I've been struggling with anemia for more than 10 years. It's not something serious, but I regularly take iron tablets. I do blood tests, and the doctor says everything is fine, my liver is functioning properly, and my bilirubin is slightly elevated, likely due to genetics (?). Overall, I'm a healthy person. I'm wondering if anyone has had a similar issue and how they resolved it?
  
    How can I decrease bilirubin?

Article: Ok so I'm a 26 year old African american male who has had significant uneven skintone since middleschool from about age fourteen. I believe I started getting severe acne at the age of 12 and about two years later I still had acne but also I noticed my skin on face and neck was about 4 shades darker than the rest of me except for maybe my nose. I'm wondering what may be the underlying cause for this and also what I might could do about this.  I've been to a dermatologist in my teenage years and he told me something like I probably had some sort of infection within my body wich was causing my skin to discolor and gave me some cream but it never really worked but in all honesty I probably never used it consistently.

Article: 20F, So for context, I'm on the first day of my period. I woke up experiencing some discomfort and the urge to use the bathroom. It's not unusual for me to have light diarrhea and cramps during my period, but typically, it's manageable. However, this time, my abdominal pain got very unbearable shortly after going to the bathroom, and I began feeling extremely nauseous. I vomited clear fluid multiple times and experienced cold sweats and extreme dizziness. I'm really not exaggerating the pain. My periods are usually uncomfortable but not painful. I hardly even feel them. I have never experienced this level of pain and discomfort from my cycle before. This is embarrassing to admit, but I literally collapsed on the floor and started crying. It felt like I was dying lol I took Panadol (paracetamol) an hour ago, and I'm feeling a bit better. Now for the questions: Is this a normal side effect of my period, or could it be something else like food poisoning, etc..? I have not been eating well the last couple of days..

Article: 40s female, a few months back I had some pain and I ended up in the ER. Several tests later, I had one positive blood culture. A second sample the next day was negative. This prompted me to search for info about the organism, which led me to a lot of research articles on the NLR. I calculated mine from that ER visit and it was 27. A week or so later it was around 10. It’s finally back below 3, but I was inspired to review my years old medical records to see where mine has been, since it looks like my NLR should be less than 3 to indicate good health. Historically, very few of my samples were Les than 3. For a period of 3 years they were above 4, and a year ago mine was 10.
  
    Does this mean that I have constant inflammation or possibly some kind of underlying condition?
  
    Does the NLR matter at all?
  
    After reading the articles I did, I thought my numbers were off the charts, but they’ve been this way for a long time, at least 20 years, so I must be fine. The outcomes for people in the studies with NLR higher than 3 were poor, so I was a bit concerned, but am not losing sleep over it. It’s more of a curiosity. My doctor never mentions NLR, so maybe it’s not something common to look at.

Article: My daughter (12F, 60 inches, 85 lbs) broke her hip about 5 weeks ago. She had 3 screws put in to reattach the femoral head. She’s doing really well, but she’s developed a pretty severe itchy rash around her incision sites (I will post a picture in the comments.)  She is miserable and is having a hard time sleeping.
  
    I’ve looked it up online trying to find the best match to her symptoms and how to help her… I’m just guessing, but it appears it may be an allergic reaction to the adhesive used to close the incisions.
  
    I have left a message for her surgeon, but it may be up to 3 days before anything happens. I have also tried Urgent Care, but they won’t see her since it is related to her surgery.
  
    What should I use in the meantime? Cortisone cream or Benadryl cream? Would an oral antihistamine help?
  
    She’s not on any medications, no known allergies previous to this and otherwise healthy. We are in the U.S.
  
    Thank you for any advice.

Article: Sharing report of my nieces, she is now entering 5th year, last seizure was in 2021, today received the report, her doctor appointment not available till Feb 2024,
  
    Current medicine: levera 2 and 2.5 Ml BD
  
    Image of report attached.
  
https://ibb.co/ZJcvMXQ

Article: For the better part of almost a decade I have had a great decline in both physical and mental health. Went through a plethora of different medications, therapy, you name it. Just about all of the medications seemed to HELP but never significantly resolve the underlying issues. I understand psychiatric medication is never supposed to "cure" the issue but rather help it somewhat substantially. Every medication ive been on even at VERY high dosages i could tell wasnt working as effectively as it should be at all. Ever since i was approximately 15 years old a storm of symptoms all hit me at once; increase in weight (roughly 80 pounds in 1 year), horrible lethargy, anhedonia, focus, concentration, excess sleeping upwards of in frequent cases quite literally 18 hours, extreme decline in memory, agitation, hair thinning, joint fatigue, strange pressure on my neck causing occasional "voice cracks", depression and anxiety, I mean you name it. Just about EVERY symptom of hypothyroidism/Hashimoto thyroid disease lines up so perfectly its almost comedic. (outside of mensural problems obviously). Also a family history of Thyroid issues.
  
    Coming from a family that was never actually on top of health at all, ever, I have always suspected something was physically wrong causing all, or at least a large portion of these aliments, not just "you have bad mental health because you have bad mental health". I did my own research (a lot of it actually doctorial backed articles not just random google searches) and come across thyroid issues as a possible cause for elevation of these symptoms. Now when i say my family was not on top of my health, i mean i literally didnt know you were even supposed to see your blood test results. I thought doctors only called you if something seemed very wrong. When i called my doctor to review my at the time most recent blood test from Jan 2022 in suspicion that a thyroid problem COULD be a cause i come to find out my TSH level was at 4.7. A few months ago i find out its down to 3.7, and now 3.5 as of writing this. Acceptable range for all of these tests are .5-4.2 TSH. Now heres where i start to question things.
  
    When i was doing this research I come to find that anything above a TSH of 2.5+ is cause for general concern. Especially in your 20's and especially when you are male. A medication I have been on for the longest on and off is the tricyclic antidepressant Clomipramine which i was prescribed upwards of 200mg. Ive noticed being on clomipramine would induce pretty severe derealization/depersonalization which I didnt discover until very recently. That test from early 2022? Very sure I was on clomipramine. My most recent test of 3.5 TSH? havent been on clomipramine for around 5 months now with somewhat substantial cognitive improvement leading me to believe there is a direct connection between TSH level and my general wellbeing. Worth noting my ESR (or SED) rate was 28 (normal range for males under 50 being <15) and a low ALK PHOS both of which happen to be seen in those with some sort of thyroid issue including thyroid disease. I have an elevated cholesterol level as well.
  
    BOTH doctors I have been to within the last 4 months immediately disregarded the possibility of thyroid issues to be a root cause of my symptoms. My second doctor at least mentioned the possibility of rheumatoid arthritis causing my issues which just came back to be negative. My question is are my recent blood work samples any indicator of thyroid issues at all? Or are all the doctors right in completely dismissing the idea of it being a thyroid issue simply because thyroid issues are "unlikely at my age and sex"?

Article: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
  
    I'm 57M, FrenchHello,I fell down the stairs two weeks ago, and now I'm resting at home with painkillers (Tramadol and paracetamol), and a shoulder immobilizer that keeps my left arm fixed to my body. I have two questions:1/ I try not to overuse painkillers (2 a day), which means I can feel pain in my shoulder when changing positions, or obviously when I try to dress myself. I wonder if by masking the pain by taking pills every six hours, I might inadvertently make movements that could jeopardize the healing of my shoulder.2/ After two weeks of immobilization, I've started to use my left hand a little, which "sticks out" of my shoulder immobilizer (for example, to cut food on my plate). Is it advisable to do this, or should I aim for complete immobilization of the arm and hand?
  
    Thanks!

Article: I’m a 24m, I had a ruptured aneurysm in my aca (might be the wrong abbreviation) and another one growing. I had a bad case of asthma, After my surgery I’am able to to run around and do all sorts of activities with out any inhalers or nebulizer. Im curious, did my aneurysm surgery fix that?

Article: I've been sick since Thursday night, when it started with little flares of dizziness. The sweats started the next day - just sitting at my desk, I'll have beads of sweat rolling down my face, completely soaking my shirt. I've been exhausted, sleeping about 80% of the last few days. I wake enough to pee, take ibuprofen and drink some water, then pass out again. I'm also getting these throbbing pulses in both ears, four or five at a time. Similar to the feeling when you pop your ear? Not painful, but definitely affecting the dizziness
  
    I finally bit the bullet and went to urgent care on Saturday, and they referred me to the ED. Got fluids, EKG, CBC, basic metabolic profile. I was pretty out of it while I was there, tbh. The fluids helped and the dizziness did decrease, so they sent me home with a prescription for meclyzine and zofran and wished me luck. Now it's two days later and I'm only marginally better, still nowhere near functioning.
  
    I'll attach lab results in the comments. I was especially interested in folks take on the EKG, because once they did it, they never mentioned it to me again, but in my record, it notes an abnormal rhythm.
  
    I do have an appointment with my primary care doctor tomorrow, but honestly I'm freaking out here. I've been this sick for four days with minimal improvement, it doesn't feel like a "standard" cold to me, and my health anxiety is off the charts right now. Please, any thoughts would be so helpful.
  
    Personal background: 34 AFAB, only diagnosis currently is major depressive disorder. Medications: duloxetine, buspirone, truvada, testosterone, citalopram, lamotrigine, Adderall. Adderall and testosterone both have caused sweating in the past, but not to this extent once my doses were stabilized.

Article: Male
  


    34 Years Old
  


    USA
  


    I received my ABI results abs everything appears to be normal. I’m trying to see how the result of 1.29 and 1.09 were calculated based off the results.
  


    Result 1 - https://ibb.co/X43Fqr2



    Result 2 - https://ibb.co/wWGhMzG



    Can anyone explain how they got 1.29 and 1.09 for my ABI results?

Article: Age 36
  
    Sex m
  
    Height 6ft
  
    Weight 205
  
    Race Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint 2 weeks
  
    Location USA
  
    Roughly two weeks ago I was playing volleyball and I heard and felt a large “pop” in my right hamstring. I went to the convenient care near me and they poked my leg about 4 times and said crutches for a few days and I’d be fine in two weeks.
  
    Went to see an orthopedic doctor and he also poked me about 4 times and said crutches for two weeks and then take it easy for a few months. I can still barely walk without crutches. I can’t sit upright or drive without terrible pain. They didn’t give me pain killers (which I didn’t really ask for) but they told me ibuprofen would suffice and it does nothing.
  
    Should I seek a third opinion? I did some basic googling and based on my pain and lack of mobility combined with the pop I should at least have an mri or something. I would also really like to not have a terrible limp for the rest of my life. Am I overreacting? I’ve never felt this much pain or had an injury this severe in my life.

Article: Hello docs of reddit, I would very much appreciate your input on this.
  
    My wife (31, normally healthy) just got her PAP test results. All are negative, except: Neutrophil: many Metaplastic epithelium: yes Squamous epithelium: yes
  
    Conclusion of the test is: Cellular elements indicative of malignancy were not observed in the examined smears. Icon of inflammation.
  
    First question is, are these indicative of HPV? And second, are they worrying?
  
    Ps, the test is in Greek, so im trying my best to translate. Thank you in advance ✌️

Article: 21F Ht: 165cm Wt: 55kg
  
    Honestly I should've listened better to my OR booking nurse and pre-screening nurse. I have breast surgery on Wednesday morning and just wondering how long I should fast for. Should it be 24 hours before or 8 hours (so no food, liquids, gum, etc) I says on my document that I can have 250ml of water the morning of as long as it's 2-3 hours before. Just says no food after midnight so would that be 12am Tuesday or 12am Wednesday?
  
    Sorry, it's just my first surgery and I'm hella nervous. Not only for the surgery but the results of my tumour/lump

Article: My A1C was a 4.8 which I hear is normal . Should I still be worried about getting diabetes? It runs on both sides of my family and several of my family members have it. Also I'm 41 ,and I am 6'3 275 pounds. When I looked at my test results online they said the medical staff has not actually reviewed them yet so I haven't gotten to talk to anyone about what these numbers mean. I admit I am so addicted to sugar that I get nauseous when I try not to eat it. My doctor says I should try sugar free candy to wean myself off sugar.I also struggle with not drinking sugary drinks moreso than candy. I feel I have to have juice with meals. But I hear that sugar doesn't cause diabetes. Is this true?

Article: Age 19
  
    Sex Female
  
    Height 5’10
  
    Weight 180
  
    Race White
  
    Duration of complaint Years
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues No
  
    Current medications No
  
    I'm 19 I don't play any sports, but usually at night starting from a couple inches above my knees to below them they ache fiercely for hours. It's only when my knees feel like this that I can press done on them and the bone kinda gives away and I hear/feel a crunchy sound. I get this feeling in my teeth too it's not really like tooth ache pain but a throbbing aching discomfort that last for days. Do I have something to worry about?

Article: 29F, 162lbs
  
    Possibly Relevant Conditions:
  


    EDS
  


    Autonomic dysfunction (Postural Hypotension, Tachycardia, PACs/PVCs)
  


    Migraines
  


    Scoliosis
  


    Bertolotti’s Syndrome (sacralization of L5)
  


    Lumbar disc degeneration
  


    Mild bulging disc at L4-L5
  


    Early stage hypothyroidism (suspected hashimotos)
  


    Medications:
  


    Gabapentin
  


    Atenolol
  


    Desvenlafaxine
  


    Atomoxetine
  


    Nurtec
  


    Yaz hormonal birth control
  


    Prefacing with this: this post is more out of curiosity than worry of serious harm. I’ll start by saying that I’ve had several corticosteroid injections with lidocaine in lumbar facet joints and a pseudo-articulation joint (from congenital sacralization of L5). I have also had RFA at lumbar facet joints. Despite some anxiety around needles, I tolerated those procedures just fine. Mild soreness around the injection area was really the only short-term side effect for all of these.
  
    After the procedures above failed to adequately treat the pain that I continue to have in my lower back and down my left leg, my pain specialist recommended trying an epidural steroid injection. It included lidocaine, corticosteroid, and contrast. I had the procedure (left L4-L5) and the experience was about the same as the others during it. Immediately after, I noticed my left leg was somewhat weaker, but not really enough to cause concern. I iced the injection area when I got home. A few hours later, I started to feel a weird swollen, tingly/numb sensation in both of my legs and, strangely, my arms. No rash or itching. The arms were really weird because it felt like I had someone squeezing my forearms tightly and was struggling to type at my normal rate. My left leg was noticeably weak when walking up stairs, and I think had foot drop because I kept getting annoyed by my shoe scraping on the ground. When undressing, I noticed mild edema in my arms and legs, so I took my blood pressure. It was slightly elevated 139/90, but that is more abnormal for me since mine usually runs low to the point of pre-syncope at times. My heart rate was spiking to 140 from just walking around the house. It can be tachy sometimes but usually doesn’t go above 120 during a brisk walk around the block as long as I’ve taken my atenolol. I also had a headache. However, when I woke up the next morning, I was completely back to normal with only the injection site soreness.
  
    I told my doctor about all of this, and asked if it was possibly an adverse reaction to the steroid. I know oral steroids can cause edema and other issues, but it seems strange for local steroids to have that kind of systemic effect. He said it was unlikely, and that maybe I had something else going on that coincidentally showed symptoms at the same time. He then scheduled me for a second epidural injection since the first only gave me relief for about a week.
  
    I had the second injection yesterday and had the exact same side effects with the addition of moderate nausea. I was uncomfortable enough that I had to take a break from work to lie down for a few hours. I elevated my limbs and iced my back all day but that didn’t seem to make much of a difference. The symptoms are starting to wear off now thankfully. And hopefully the pain relief actually lasts more than a week this time. I’m not worried about anything long term like nerve damage since it seems temporary, but it is driving me nuts to not understand what is causing this strange reaction.
  
    Could it be sensitivity to the local contrast? I don’t think contrast was used in the non-epidural injections . But I’ve had IV contrast for an MRI years ago with no issues. Could it be a reaction between contrast and one of my medications? I know gaba can have fluid retention as a side effect, but I’ve been on it for several years with no issues. The only new meds since prior injections are the Desvenlafaxine and Atomoxetine, which I’ve been on for around 5 months.
  
    If you have any ideas about the cause or if I can do anything to prevent it for future injections, it would be greatly appreciated.
  
    TLDR: Edema and tingling in limbs, leg weakness and foot drop on left side, elevated BP and HR, headache, and nausea beginning around 3 hours after left L4-L5 epidural steroid injection with lidocaine and contrast, and lasting for 10-12 hours. Happened on 2 separate occasions. Need advice about cause and how to prevent.

Article: Hi. 45y/o female who is scheduled for a REDO lap hiatal hernia repair with fundoplication end of month. Also having terrible female issues with cysts, fibroid and endometrium and myometrium issues. Looking at a possibility of hysterectomy. How long do you wait between surgeries so that its safer? Freaking out. Any help would be appreciated.

Article: i’ve been having trouble falling asleep for the past two weeks or so and i don’t really know why. i’ve never had this problem in my life nor have my relatives/parents.
  
    i’m a 20 year old male, i usually go to uni almost every day + try to go to the gym 3 times a week, so i get relatively tired before the day ends (although now i just stay at home because of my sleep problem). i don’t drink or smoke.
  
    i go to bed at 11-12 pm and either can’t sleep till like 6-7 in the morning or fall asleep for 2-3 hours, then wake up and can’t fall back asleep. i don’t remember my last 8 hour sleep, feels like ages ago. also, i can feel when i’m about to pass out but then it’s like someone snaps their fingers and i’m wide awake again and my brain is on full-power mode, i keep reciting lyrics from random songs, thinking about some absolutely random stuff and just feel like i’m on adderall or cocaine or something (i haven’t done any of those). moreover, when i’m about to fall asleep i feel some sort of chest pressure (?) and get scared (?) for like 2-3 seconds until it ends. and lastly, i always move my legs and can’t find “the right position” to rest them in because my knees and/or ankles start to just really hurt after some time. with that, i get random twitches of my leg or arm when i’m about to fall asleep (i’ve read somewhere that it’s just the brain checking whether i’m alive or not lol)
  
    i’ve tried some of our local pills that have doxylamine in them (i’m not from any of the english speaking countries so the name of the pills won’t ring any bells, probably), and they’ve helped for a day or two, but then it was back to me having insomnia again. i don’t really know what to do next so i figured i might just ask you guys for advice before consulting a neurologist in my home town. any ideas on why i can’t fall asleep? thank you.

Article: There’s this outdoor or stray cat that’s been coming out to my backyard while I’m out, today it actually trusted me enough to let me pet it and after about a min or two of petting it gave me a quick but light bite while I was petting it around its neck. I’m guessing it was just a don’t touch me there bite, it didn’t break skin. The cat never hissed at me even after or before. Even let me carry it for a little bit prior to this. Didn’t see it drooling or anything, was generally pretty relaxed besides this.
  
    I know next to nothing about cats though and now a little worried about infection or rabies lol..
  
    Here’s an image of the scratch/bite: https://imgur.com/a/KIml0aY

    Any opinions ?

Article: Dear doctors,
  
    Male
  
    27
  
    180cm
  
    75kg
  
    non smoker non drinker
  
    Expat in China
  
    We have ruled out autoimmune disease and thyroid issues.
  
    My face would flush at certain times of the day, usually towards the evening between 4-8pm. It can last for hours, averaging around two. I would flush shortly after having a meal or sitting down after a long walk, but would also flush if I skip one or am hungry and tired. I thought it's a blood sugar issue despite exercising all the time and eating a simple diet. People often ask me if I'm drunk or am a drinker because I look  like a lobster,
  
    Google tells me I have cancer. How likely is it?

Article: 54F, Gastroparesis, LPR, on meds for both and topiramate for migraines.
  
    I am having gallbladder surgery at 11:30 am. I stopped food and liquids at midnight. Since this was just scheduled yesterday, I have to do labs and an EKG in the morning. I am up dry heaving and sooo nauseous. Can I take Zofran?

Article: Female 125 lbs 5'0 Mixed race Taking iron tablets
  
    Every so often I get these scratch like  marks. In a straight dotted line that sometimes burn when they first appear. I have it's and low iron

Article: I am 23M,  I've had a hair fall problem but treated it by consulting a doctor. Recently I've shifted to another city where hair fall has started again due to the hard water, like literally the amount of hair I had grown back had started to fall. Now I'm back to square one.
  
    If I start the treatment again, providing all the possible measures taken, would that help again?

Article: I'm 31 male working retail. I have a fever of 103, and I've been puking and diarrhea with throat irritation. I feel as though it might be covid. I've had it a pair of times before. I just dont waste the hospital time and take a bed from someone who is worse for ware. If it helps, I work around 40 hours and am around customers and coworkers at all times almost. So, hopefully, that is enough info. I'm semi active, but I don't work out. Just working is my exercise. Thank you for your time if you read this. I have Gerd and dyspepsia, too.

Article: Medical condition prior to May 2021:
  
    22M, 5ft. 11in., 160lbs, Caucasion, Canada, Casual drinker (once per month), No drugs, no smoking. Perfect health my entire life. No food allergies. No medical conditions. Perfectly happy. Healthy relationship. High paying job. No stress. No school. CAN work 12+ hours without fatigue. Daily runner. Daily strength training. 7-8 hours of restful sleep. Healthy diet. Lots of water. Enough rest. No history of anxiety. No medication. No positive tests ever for COVID-19 (even until present).
  
    TIMELINE:
  
    June 2021:
  
    First COVID-19 Vaccine dose. I am pro vax. Nothing unusual followed other than arm pain and fatigue. I am including my vaccine status because these are the only vaccines I have a record of getting recently. Maybe this information helps. I get the flu vaccine yearly, and I am vaccinated for other common illnesses from when I was the appropriate age for those.
  
    July 2021:
  
    Second COVID-19 Vaccine dose. More arm pain and fatigue. Still nothing unusual.
  
    August 2021:
  
    Daily pressure in head at work or at home resting (not headaches, PRESSURE). Daily brain fog. Poor concentration. Poor memory. Depersonalization. Poor emotional stability. Poor conversation skills. Poor word recall. Wake up tired. Poor sleep quality. Poor ability to perform tasks. Lack of spatial awareness and worsening hand-eye coordination. No change in daily routine. Same sleep schedule and work schedule. Extreme fatigue and tiredness.
  
    September 2021-October 2021:
  
    Worsening daily symptoms. Forced to stop exercising as frequently or at the same intensity due to fatigue. Head pressure would last all day long, even on days off. Went to hospital for it. Doctors shrugged it off and gave me ibuprofen. Ibuprofen does not help symptoms. Recommended neurologist appointment.
  
    November 2021:
  
    Neurologist suspects hypothyroidism. Labs come back normal. Neurologist suspects anxiety. Anxiety meds do not help. Stopped seeing neurologist because these symptoms do not seem to stem from anxiety and there is no reason for me to be anxious besides the symptoms. The symptoms CAUSE anxiety. Not vice versa.
  
    December 2021:
  
    3rd COVID-19 Vaccine Dose. General practitioner initial appointment. I didn't have one for 3-4 years because I had no need. GP sends me to immunologist, respirologist, ENT, dentist, eye exam, full blood panel, chest CT scan, head CT scan, head MRI, blood oxygen test, breathing test, sleep test, and ECG over the course of the next few months.
  
    Immunologist- Normal
  
    Respirologist- Newly onset asthma (prescribed BREO steroid inhaler)
  
    ENT- Normal
  
    Dentist- 5 cavities (never had one before 2021)
  
    Eye Exam- Normal
  
    Blood Panel- 1:80 Nuclear AB Titre (Doctor said it's normal) vitamins normal, hormones normal, high Bilirubin
  
    Chest CT- Minor calcification of lung tissue
  
    Head CT- Sinus mucosal thickening
  
    Head MRI- Normal
  
    Blood Oxygen- Normal
  
    Sleep Study- Normal
  
    Breathing Test- Asthma
  
    ECG- Sinus Bradycardia
  
    Blood Pressure- 100 High Number, 60 Low
  
    Stool Sample- Normal
  
    Urine Sample- Normal
  
    January 2021:
  
    Sound begins to occur while breathing in deeply. This is new. This was discovered to be asthma. The inhaler prevents me from making noise while breathing but does not help any other symptoms.
  
    February 2021 to Present:
  
    New symptoms. New symptoms include shortness of breath, post exertion malaise, loose stools, GI discomfort, muscle pain, joint problems, chest pain, and hair loss. I stopped exercising completely because it makes things worse. Rest days are the best days. Over time, initial symptoms (head pressure and brain fog) occur less frequently. This may be because I started resting more, and cut hours at work down by half. Head pressure comes only every few days. Brain fog is on and off each day. Fatigue is worse some days, but not always like before. Starting to see the light, but new symptoms make it difficult. Need to know how to become as close to symptom free as possible. This condition is ruining my life. I may quit working permanently until things improve further.
  
    General practitioner orders literally any test I ask for. She is amazing. She does not assume that this illness stems from a psychological aspect. GP from this point has NO IDEA WHERE TO GO. When I asked her what to do from here her words were "I don't know".
  
    Anyone with an idea of what condition this may be is appreciated. Anyone with an idea of what to ask my GP from here on out is appreciated.
  
    I am at my wits end. My top theories are long covid from an asymptomatic infection (or one that felt like a common cold) or some type of other autoimmune disease.

Article: Am i okay?
  
    My teeth have been acting up and i tried to make an appointment at the dentist, i sent her a picture of my under tongue out of concern since i was worried about some bumps that had appeared out of nowhere (the same picture can be found on my last post) and she just said that i couldnt even come in for a check up until it goes away

Article: Hey all. 23 male United States 210 pounds. Im prone to tonsil stones most likely because depression makes me not brush nearly as often as I should. But I recently just noticed this strange nodule in the back of my mouth where it kinda transitions from mouth to throat. I also have felt like I’ve had hair in the back of my throat for the past week or so and I’m getting slightly concerned… please give me any assistance you can!
  
https://imgur.com/a/wnxk8bL

Article: Age: 22, Male
  
    Height: 170cm
  
    Weight: 75kgs
  
    Medications: Biotin
  
    Duration until reporting: 1-2 Days
  
    I’m not a frequent or a regular drinker, but after two consecutive nights of heavy drinking, I ended up puking black vomit. This happened thrice in a matter of a couple hours. Is this something to be worried about? Feeling fine internally, no other problems as such. Just concerned about the black vomit even tho didn’t consume food that was black coloured P.S. No drinking until the end of the year :)

Article: I took my 2 year old (M) to a family members house today, around 5 hours ago. Little did I know said family member was a hoarder. I left almost as soon as I got there (or at least as soon as i could make up an excuse) and after getting home I just kept worrying my son mightve gotten ahold of and eaten something without my knowledge. He never indicated he did, he showed no signs of swallowing anything or being in pain afterwards. I just have really harsh anxiety and I dont want to take him to the ER when its a 99% chance that he did not in fact swallow anything because I watched him so closely. This is strictly just a... if he did, would i know by now? Question to ease my anxiety. Thank you.

Article: So today for the second time in a week I woke up to intense shaking and feeling extremely cold. This time around though, I’m slowly losing feeling on the right side of my body. It started on my right arm and slowly moved to my right hand, right side of my neck, back and right leg.
  
    Is this an emergency? I can’t figure out what it could be.
  
    Information about me: Age: 22 Sex: female Height: 158cm Weight: 45kg Race: black Duration of complaint: 5 days Location: head Any existing relevant medical issues: have had migraines before and symptoms of vertigo ? Current medications: none

Article: 17YO male The tip of my elbow gets very sore when I do these exercises as well as my tendons feel like they’re sort of flexing and moving around which is hard to explain. I don’t feel the pain when I use my triceps for other things like push ups but the pain is seriously inhibiting my progress in the gym with every tricep exercise other than pushups

Article: 27F, 225 lbs, 5’8. I vape regularly but hardly ever drink, no recreational drugs at all. I take 30mg Cymbalta every day for anxiety and depression. I had a spiglean hernia repair today, the hernia was on my left side and the surgery was done robotically, I have a constant ache on my left side now and can not sleep to save my life. I have slept an a cumulative hour since I got home from the hospital around 3pm. I was prescribed 5mg Percocet and have taken it every four hours since 2pm yesterday. I am going to call my surgeon tomorrow and ask for something different bc I don’t think it’s helping the way it should. In the mean time, can I take a second one to try and sleep? Or maybe even a half of one? TIA!

Article: 25 Male, 5'10", 280 lbs, Mixed race, Drink occasionally, don't smoke.
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/UCkYyrU

    I have had a persistent, itchy rash that doesn't go away with treatment, started out around 3 inches in diameter but has now spread to my armpit. It's red in color and and has little bumps. I noticed two days ago that there was a lump in my armpit about an inch long and half an inch wide . It's somewhat hard and the skin around it is dark/purpleish. I'm really worried it's cancer and I don't have insurance. If I sign up for short term insurance now I'll have to wait 30 days before I can to a doctor or else they wont cover any of the costs. Should I go now and shoulder the entire cost of an entire treatment plan, or wait in case it's nothing/a month wouldn't make a difference if it cancer? Do you think it's something I should be worried about?

Article: Some nights I'll randomly wake up to Acid reflux attacks.  It will feel like my whole sarcophagus is on fire and sometimes if its bad enough I will wake up and feel like I'm choking either on phlegm or nothing at all.  This will usually happen all night long so I'll end up only getting two or three hours of sleep.  How do I prevent these acid reflux spells from happening?

Article: Age: 35Sex: MaleHeight: 5'6"Weight: 180LBRace: Asian (Chinese)Primary complaint: All finger and toe nails gradually becoming more and more ingrown, as well as body hairs in private areas, across the torso, on the thighs, etc.  Has been occurring for several years, and appears to be getting worse.Existing medical issues: Hashiomoto's Thyroiditis (uncontrolled), BPD with urinary urgency and retention, hypertension, manic depression, PTSD, sleep disorder, syncope (possibly seizures), sinus tachicardia, ...Current medications and doses: Levothyroxine 125mcg, Sertraline 25mcgDrink: NoSmoke: OccasionallyRecreational drugs: Not currently; amphetamine use in the past.

Article: I have been on TRT for 2 years and since starting have been very sensitive to estrogen conversion. At the beginning my total estrogens rose to 391pg/ml. This is when my body composition started to change and fat that used to go to my stomach and butt went to my flanks or love handles. My doctor put me on an ai (arimadex) to regulate estrogens and for the most part is helpful. Fast forward to about 2 months ago. Had 2 abscesses form from Trt injection. Did two courses of strong antibiotics, and had blood done. Estradiol was high again so took 1mg arimadex with each shot for a week (normally .25mg per injection). Switch from glute to delt injections due to abscesses. I’ve lost significant size in a short span of time, understood could be water weight but not all of it. My muscles have shrunk, and fat to my sides is back with a vengeance. Could my hormones be so out of whack that the testosterone is not working? What could cause the fat redistribution? Is it permanent? I don’t understand how I’m losing so much size so quickly. My diet is strict. My work out regimen is also strict. Could I not be absorbing the testosterone in my deltoid?  I’m at a loss, feeling very depressed.  Docs Please help. Thanks

Article: 65F, weight, 260, height 5,11 ,race white, smoked in early 20s
  
    My mother had a chest x ray and they found fluid and multiple nodules with the largest being 14mm in her left lung, and her lymph nodes are mildly inflamed. The DR isn’t sure what it is rn he said it doesn’t look like a typical lung cancer but all they know is something “abnormal” is going on

Article: I've been having severe throat pain and difficulty swallowing since Saturday night. Its a good 7/10 on the pain scale, ibuprofen doesn't touch it, dayquil and nyquil don't help, throat lozenges help a bit. I can combine them all to make the pain manageable. I've been sleeping for most of the day to escape the pain. I feel like I'm swallowing glass shards. I noticed blood in my mucus today and my temp was 99.5 which is high for me.
  
    I went to the ER and they checked my vitals, looked in my ears and throat for like 5 seconds, did a strep and covid test. Strep came back negative so I was discharged. I told the RN that I was in severe pain, and she talked to the doctor who gave me a numbing spray and said that there was nothing they could do because its viral and that I should try advil and come back if the pain gets worse or if I have difficulty swallowing. I told him that I already have difficulty swallowing but he told me to just wait it out. My throat is apparently only very slightly red and swollen so my pain can't be that bad and you don't look like you're in that much pain.
  
    I'm currently sitting in my car crying because I'm in so much pain, the numbing spray only slightly helped, and I feel dismissed. Nothing I have tried at home had helped except for being asleep were I can't feel anything. I was hoping for answers and some help, but got none of that.
  
    The internet told me to go to the ER if I have difficulty swallowing or if I have severe pain. I have both but apparently I'm fine and should just wait it out.
  
    Am I just being overdramatic and should  wait it out, or should I go get another opinion?
  
    19 AFAB
  
    5'6"
  
    250lbs
  
    Depression, Anxiety, Atshma, ADHD, PTSD
  
    50mg Sertraline
  
    No drinking, drugs, or smoking

Article: I have been trying some doctors but I don't know what domain of medicine can find my issue. Is it hyperthyroidism,  is it something with the lungs, an infection？ Chronical disease？ It shouldn't be allergical, since it happens anywhere. What can I do for the pain？ And what domain should the doctor I see be？I am 21 years old, male, weight 54 kg, height around 1.83. Never smoked.

Article: I am 22 M ; I lost 40 pounds but couldn't loose my leg fat and am on a plateau for months, is there a way to eliminate cellulite, also does cellulite affect the rate of my weight loss?(please only answer if you actually know and dont give generic advice of calorie deficit etc. I already lost 40 pounds)

Article: Hello. This happened to me about a week ago. Information is second hand from my spouse.
  
    ----
  
    31F
  
HPIWent to sleep at 2am. At 10am, my spouse felt the bed vibrating. Spouse looked over and I was sleeping on my back. My head was "vibrating" pretty hard. This lasted for a few seconds before spouse grabbed my hand to wake me up. My head stopped vibrating but my hand went stiff for a few seconds. Spouse was worried I had died because I was totally still and couldn't be moved. I woke up and felt totally normal. Before awakening, I was having a vivid dream about trying to head butt something. My neck was a bit sore that day but I felt normal otherwise.
  
History



    Never happened before
  


    Sleep quality has been poor and interrupted due to bicoastal interviews this month and alternating overnight and day shifts (trying not to violate rule 6 but my post history is explanatory)
  


    I suspect I have a sleep disorder but never been evaluated. I scream in my sleep a couple times a month and have apneic events, unsure of frequency. Both been happening for a few years or more. Have lots of nightmares and other times I shoot up in the middle of the night feeling scared and like I just chugged an energy drink but no memory of nightmare
  


    No history of neuro disorders
  


    Have a mood disorder, for which I take an anticonvulsant and atypical antidepressant, both consistently, as directed. No new meds. No vitamins/supplements. Also have a trauma disorder.
  


    No alcohol or drugs. Drink a small cup of coffee or small energy drink a couple times a week.
  


    Biological family history unknown.
  


Ddx



    Night terror
  


    Sleep apnea
  


    -----
  
    I'm not really worried about this, but it is a little weird. Probably has something to do with my poor sleep hygiene lately. I'm considering getting evaluated to rule out a sleep disorder. I'm wondering if this fits in with a sleep disorder or could possibly signify some other issue.

Article: i'm a young, healthy male with no family history of any serious illness at all, and i'm really just asking this to calm my hypochondria.
  
    a few days ago i noticed a sort of rash/hives/whatever on my skin and it has really been freaking me out. i may be seeing a doctor in the coming weeks if nothing improves.
  
    other than the rash though, i feel fine. literally 0 symptoms at all. so, can someone just give me some insight as to what might be happening, or simply just tell me to calm down? it would really help me right now. thank you.

Article: M81 very healthy and active, had a fall Saturday and hit his head, never blacked out and was fine the rest of the day (went for a hike, was a little more tired than usual at bedtime). Sunday morning woke up only able to speak in "word salad" but still seemed very "with it" and able to make his wishes known, and able to walk and function fine. Went to ER and CT scan showed no brain bleeding. Could not do CTA because of kidney issues (occurring at the same time, enlarged prostate, bladder stretched to almost breaking, frequent urination, etc. There is no diagnosis on this yet--he was supposed to be evaluated for it this week after ignoring an enlarged prostate for many years). Admitted to the hospital and condition deteriorated as the evening went on to the point where he was pulling out catheter and trying to get out of bed. Never seemed to understand that he was speaking in word salad even though it was pointed out to him many times. Somewhat able to make himself understood with gestures. No paralysis of any kind, all motion was good. Had to be sedated with Avitan Sunday night and was pretty much out of it through Monday evening. Got an MRI about mid-day on Monday which was read by doc who said that no stroke showed up on the MRI. According to him it was either a transient stroke or a stroke that doesn't show up on the MRI. Now Monday evening and he is coming out from under the Avitan but still can't speak coherently (instead of word salad now it's more just mumbling).
  
    So, WTF is a stroke that doesn't show up on an MRI? Dr. Google is not being helpful. And if it was a transient stroke, why is there no sign of improvement but instead signs of deterioration? I want to be hopeful but instead am feeling confused. Thanks for your help. (Throwaway account)

Article: 27f 5’3 145lbs non smoker, taking no medication, social drinker, no prior health issues. I woke up with this this morning, I drank last night but idk if that's related. It's completely flat, no texture whatsoever and doesn't itch or hurt. I know I need to get a doctors opinion but l'm wondering if anyone here has seen or experienced anything similar. I'm a major hypochondriac and just trying to gather as much information as possible. Thanks! Pic in comments

Article: Hello Need some advice on what this is. Found this strange looking growth in my child’s (5F) upper gum. It looks like a skin tag, one end is attached to the gum/tissue, the other end is dangling. You can move it around. Child said it’s not painful to touch. She was at dentist for check up about 3 weeks ago and it was not noticed/found. She said it’s there for a while. Will post photos in comment. Some basic info- 5F, 39lb, overall heathy.

Article: I am a 23 year old female who had a hard forceful strike to the top of my head palm downwards from an autistic child I provided ABA services to. Right as he hit it, I felt a strange feeling in my forehead where the right frontal sinus is. Ever since then, I can still feel it whenever I breathe in thru my nose. But if I close my right nostril, I don’t feel it in my forehead. I’m worried that he possibly fractured my scull. When I first saw a doctor about it, I thought it was maybe some sinus issues or an infection. But when I realized I started feeling the pain as soon as I got struck, I realized it’s from the hit. I got a really bad sinus infection after that, and felt the pain in my head non stop even when I wasn’t breathing in through my nose like I had mentioned is when I I usually feel the pain.  My medical insurance is really crappy right now and I haven’t been able to get a CT scan yet to see what’s going on to what kind of damage he did. I can’t apply for workers comp because there is no written document of what had happened to me, it happened over 3 months ago, and Im not an employee there anymore. Does it sound like it could be a possible frontal fracture to anyone? I will be seeing a doctor once my insurance gets cleared up and I’m able to see a doctor. He hit the top of my head near the back, so I don’t understand how it may have damaged my frontal sinus but it’s where I feel the pain every single day for months. If anyone has anything to say or any thoughts, please respond to this. This has been really weighing on my emotional well being. Thanks guys! Any input is welcome.

Article: Hello! I (18F) went to my PCP today for a strep test and was told that I likely have mono, not strep. I was not given a prescription for anything but was told to come back in a few days if symptoms continue. Seeing as I probably have mono, I was wondering which over the counter medications I can use to relieve some of my symptoms.
  
    I have a terrible sore throat that makes it difficult to speak/swallow, swollen lymph nodes and fatigue. Cough drops and lozenges haven’t helped me, but ibuprofen and acetaminophen have helped a little bit. Any suggestions are more than welcome as I am quite miserable, especially considering these symptoms might last longer than expected . TIA!

Article: 21F, 135lbs, Sertraline 100mg, Lamotrigine 100mg, and Larazopram 0.5mg
  
    Hello!
  
    So I realized I had this weird rash on both of my arms with my left being the worst and I am currently recovering from a really nasty cold so I’m not sure if that’s the issue? (I tested for covid a couple times and it always came back negative despite a coworker just recently having it).
  
    Symptoms: (These were the symptoms throughout the week/weekend, I’ll list the symptoms I still have) -sneezing -stuffy head/plugged ears -low grade fevers that would come and go -nausea at night -thick yellow mucus -wet cough/coughing up said mucus -bad sore throat -headache
  
    Symptoms still happening: -sneezing -wet cough/coughing up mucus -thick yellow mucus
  
    ((It is worth noting I’ve been using lotion for the past week or two that I’ve been putting on, but if it were that wouldn’t the bumps be everywhere the lotion was?))
  
    I hope this helps, let me know if any additional info is needed. Thank you in advance!

Article: Im 16F, and last night I stuck a bobby pin down my right ear (random urge, cant explain why. I have obviously since taken it out) and I’ve been in a mild amount of maybe 3.5/10 pain since. It hurts when I burp or when I try to unclog my ears. Did I mildly rupture something? Is this something to be concerned about or will it fix itself..?

Article: Hello all I am Male 25. I was wondering is it possible to become a physician with a mental health diagnosis of schizoaffective (mild compared to most as far as I am aware). I plan to go to school for neuroscience and have thought (briefly, still researching) about medical school.
  
    Would my diagnosis unilaterally cut that short, or is it possible?

Article: (M19, 5'9, white,150 lbs) I had blood in my ear 7th grade and went to my GP. They said there was a hole in my eardrum and sent me to an ENT. The ENT then tells me that there is no hole in my eardrum and I just have a bad ear infection.
  
    Fast forward to 12th grade after chronic ear infection since then, I'm trying to join the military. My medical history says I have a hole and they complain so I give them the documentation from the ENT and they tell me to go to an ENT right now and get it proven before they'll even let me go to MEPS.
  
    I go to an ENT and he says oh you have an ear infection currently so I can't really tell if there's a hole; take these meds and drops and let it clear before I check (unlike the last one). I do that and get it checked, lo' and behold there's a hole. So now I've just had a surgery (tympanoplasty, mastoidectomy, ossicular chain reconstruction) because a cholesteatoma was left untreated and left to grow to huge proportions and around the bone. Now I've even got to wait for another surgery in a year to check if the skin is growing back from the bone stopping me from joining the military even yet. I'm now about to be 20.
  

    Is it reasonable to file a complaint because this misdiagnosis has screwed over my entire life plans. Even stopping me from getting my Pilots License.
  

    Also, If I do complain would that even be enough to do anything or just be on his record? Not seeking to crucify his career, but I'm butthurt and want a slap on the wrist.

Article: 63M, 150lbs. Lifelong endurance athlete with lifelong stomach problems. For the past ten years, I’ve been on a dedicated gluten free diet to help manage symptoms.
  
    Clear routine colonoscopy 2 years ago; chest & abdomen CT scan with no signs of malignancy ~2 weeks ago. Weight loss = 14 lbs (164 to 150) since July, when GI problems flared up, worst in years. Moderate to severe GI problems most of my life, including pain and occasional bouts of chronic diarrhea. Recently I’ve had belching and dyspepsia for hours after each meal, some abdominal pain, and frequent bowel movements (not diarrhea.) Endoscopy in Sept showed mild inflammation likely from NSAIDs and duodenal metaplasia.
  
    Appetite returned but weight didn’t, and in fact I lost a few more pounds, so I was sent for further work-ups. Blood tests came back normal except for iron-deficiency anemia. Doc now wants me to get another colonoscopy.
  
    I understand this is to rule out CRC cancer, but what is the likelihood after a recent clean colonoscopy? Would the CT scan have picked up on a mass? More likely to be looking for something like an IBD?

Article: I’m a 23M, 5’10”, 190 lb Caucasian that’s had high blood pressure the past couple of years. I take my BP once every couple of days using an Equate BP monitor, and it averages around 135/82, although it occasionally gets as high as 148/90. I actually found out about my high BP from my premed roommate in college who manually took it for me. Right around that same time, I started developing these really sharp and random pains in both sides of my abdomen right below my rib cage. About a year ago, I decided to visit a PCP to find the root cause of these random pains and high BP. He immediately put me on 25 mg of losartan daily, and he ordered several bloodwork tests, an abdomen ultrasound, and a 1 T MRI w/ contrast. He originally diagnosed me with tachycardia and pheochromocytoma, but after the MRI and ultrasound both yielded nothing significant, he scheduled more bloodwork tests and also sent me to a cardiologist. The cardiologist performed an EKG, which he said looked perfectly normal, but he scheduled an echo and a stress test. I couldn’t afford to do those at the time, so I had to put the cardiologist on hold and go back to my PCP. My PCP determined that my catecholamine concentration was very high and that I’m also vitamin D insufficient. He then referred me to an endocrinologist, who scheduled one more bloodwork test for aldosterone. That test shows my aldosterone levels are normal, but my plasma renin activity (LC/MS/MS) is high at 7.26 ng/mL/h, with an aldo/PRA ratio of 0.4. My endocrinologist concluded that, contrary to what my PCP said, the catecholamines aren’t the problem, and that my kidneys are. She has referred me to a nephrologist, and I am currently working on scheduling an appt with one as I write this. She also doubled my daily dosage of losartan to 50 mg as well as prescribed me some vitamin D2. I initially thought that those sharp abdomen pains were linked to the high BP, but she said they’re likely cramps from being Vitamin D insufficient (although I am skeptical about this). So that’s where I currently am. I figured I’d post here to get some additional opinions while I wait, since all the nephrologists near me are booked out several months from now.
  
    Additional info: I currently work from home and have a relatively stress-free job (my PCP has repeatedly asked me if I’m stressed, and I don’t feel stressed at all. I was stressed about 2 years ago when I was an engineering student, but not really anymore). I’ve never once smoked anything, very rarely consume alcohol, never do any drugs, occasionally get exercise, and drink plenty of water daily. Admittedly I haven’t eaten the healthiest over the last few years, and I do enjoy me some fried food with Dr. Pepper pretty frequently. I just recently moved back home from college, but when I was living in my college town, I would walk/jog nearly every day on campus to get some cardio in. Running, however, would really start to hurt my chest after about a quarter mile or so (sometimes to the point where I would have to sit down and stop entirely). My endocrinologist said those are just cramps, but again I’m skeptical about that. Do you think this can be chalked up to poor eating habits? Based on my own arm-chair analysis, it seems plausible that my renal arteries are constricted, but I could be way wrong.
  
    Thanks for reading this far. Any advice (medical or not) is appreciated.

Article: hi everyone, I am a 24 year old female and I have had chronic UTI's since I was 16. I have seen multiple different urologists and I feel like no one is listening to me. I have given countless urine samples at multiple different doctors and sometimes the culture will come back negative but the dr will tell me there is blood/high amount of white blood cells when they look at it. Anyways I have been seeing a urologist and have gotten bladder ultrasounds, kidney ultrasounds, etc. This October 29 I started having the worst UTI pain I had ever had, the burning was excruciating and I ended up having to take a left over pain pill to get through the night, I had an emergency appointment with my urologists NP the next day and they did bladder ultrasound and sent my urine off for culture, she prescribed me URO to help with the pain. The results came back negative but I was still continuing to have progressing pain and I told them if I did not take the URO prescription then the burning would come back worse than ever. I started to get horrible flank pain, nausea/vomiting, headache, chills, fever, and felt completely out of it. I decided I had to go to the ER, they did a urine test, blood test, and CT scan and I was positive for a kidney infection and anemic. I had to stay and receive an IV bag of fluids and then an additional bag of antibiotics. He sent me home with a Cefdinir prescription. I know it's only been a day on the antibiotics but I still feel awful. My head is constantly pounding, I am nauseous and feel like I am going to throw up every time I eat or drink anything. I am so tired and lethargic but haven't been able to sleep much at all. Anyways, has anyone else ever experienced this? I have really bad health anxiety and this entire experience has been horrible. I feel like I can't trust my doctors especially after expressing all of my symptoms and they just waved me off. My urologist has never done a blood test on me before... is this normal? I have called and messaged countless times in the patient portal and left voicemails and they continued to tell me to just take my d-mannose supplements and finish out a macrobid prescription. The dr at the ER told me that macrobid would not be effective in treating a kidney infection and that there was a ton of e. coli in my kidneys. PLEASE HELP! :(

Article: I’m 24F, diagnosed with adhd and also have a history of anxiety, depression, asthma and hayfever. I take Vyvanse 70mg, sertraline 100mg and cetirizine daily.
  
    Some background on this is since I was a kid I’ve had somewhat of a habit/compulsion towards using cotton buds to clean my ears even though I know you’re not supposed to, but I could never kick the habit even when I’ve tried to, as my ears often itch and I found the feeling of cleaning them out to be satisfying.
  
    So basically this all started a few weeks ago when I woke up noticing my right ear was feeling blocked and the hearing in that ear had dulled. After a couple days of this not resolving I started to worry a bit and decided to go to a doctor. She took a look and told me it was just wax buildup and said I should use some drops for a few days and come back so she could syringe the wax out.
  
    Once I started using the wax drops, however, I sort of convinced myself that I could resolve it on my own and started going between using the drops and water to try and loosen or dissolve whatever was in there. This is also when I started inserting objects into my ear canal to try and dig it out. Eventually, I managed to remove a small mass of what essentially looked like a wad of cotton fibres stained with wax. At first I figured that was the problem solved, but then I noticed that my ear still felt full, my hearing still wasn’t 100% and I now was hearing this high pitched echoing sound in that ear every time I heard some external sound, particularly higher pitches.
  
    At first I didn’t really do much, thinking it could resolve on its own, but after a couple weeks of this persisting I started to become convinced that there was still something in there. Here is where it gets bad. It started with me taking the end of a paper clip I’d unfolded and advancing that into my ear canal slowly, trying to see if there was anything in there  that didn’t seem like part of my ear, ie. a spot where I couldn’t feel metal when I tapped on it. I thought that I could feel something way down at the back but it would hurt whenever I would try to lift it up and out of my ear canal.
  
    From here on this essentially turns a sort of obsession or hyperfixation where I spend two entire days trying everything I can (water, bicarb/water solution, ear drops, oil, vinegar, toothpicks, needles, tweezers), for hours on end to remove whatever it is that I THINK is in my ear. I pretty much couldn’t focus on anything else during this time. I kept thinking “I’m so close, I just need to try for a little bit longer”. It gets to a point where my ear is in so much pain I need to take ibuprofen and paracetamol just to bear it so I can keep going. It’s not until my ear starts bleeding do I start to think “hey maybe I’m actually just fucking shit up in here?”
  
    I tried to stop after that, and I did for maybe half a day, but with the discomfort still being there, part of me was still like “you’re almost there, just get it out and you’ll feel better.” So I go in with the tweezers again, just feeling desperate at this point, and not only am I still not able to remove anything, from that point I began to have this persistent ringing noise in my ear that hasn’t gone away for days. My ear still feels full and uncomfortable, but now is also sore too. My hearing in the affected ear is maybe 70% compared to the other one, and I’m unsure if there’s been any change there.
  
    I’m so scared of what kind of permanent damage I could’ve done to my ear. I’m afraid go to the doctor because I’m worried that I’ll either be judged for my behaviour or be given some really bad news that’ll be all my fault. I keep imagining the doctor looking in my ear and being shocked at whatever carnage I’ve done to myself. So that’s why I’m writing all this here, because I can’t imagine being able to tell all this to a doctor in person. The constant ringing is like a reminder of how much I could have potentially fucked myself, and makes the anxiety worse. It’s all just spiraled and I want it to all be okay.

Article: Male 32, 169cm, 73 kg, former smoker.
  
https://ibb.co/XfHTT0k

    I've had an itch on my scalp for a couple of weeks and recently discovered this bit. What is it? Will be going to a dermatologist tomorrow.
  
    Thank you.

Article: Age 27
  
    Sex male
  
    Height 5’9
  
    Weight 66kg
  
    Race Caucasian
  
https://imgur.com/a/TKQxSUB

    Appeared around 3 months ago and hasn’t gone since then. I have no symptoms, doesn’t hurt to touch or press down on. I got it around the same time that I was sunbathing which makes me slightly worried.

Article: Howdy, I am a 27 year old female with diagnosed interstitial cystitis. I am no stranger to the feeling of urinary discomfort or other symptoms associated with flare ups. Usually if I feel a flare up coming on I can pop some Phenazopyridine and the problem will go away, and doesn’t return.
  
    I started feeling a flare on Saturday, so took Phenazopyridine and waited for it to kick in. It took an exceptionally long time - longer than usual - to do so, but eventually I felt more or less okay. However, the next day the problem came back, and again today.
  
    About an hour ago I started feeling pain in my lower left side. I’d say the pain is mostly dull with an occasional sharp stabby feeling, and I’d put it as maybe a 3 out of 10 on the pain scale for right now. This hasn’t gotten any better or worse.
  
    I don’t have a fever, I don’t have chills, I’m not nauseous. I do have frequent urination, pain when urinating, pain in my side, and possibly foul smelling urine (my sense of smell isn’t great.) There was some pink in my urine on Saturday, but none since.
  
    I have a habit of thinking I’m only having a flare, but this time I think it may be an actual UTI. The pain in my side is concerning me a little, as I’m pretty uncomfortable at the moment. I’d like to think a UTI wouldn’t have become a kidney infection so quickly, but I don’t know.
  
    It’s about 1am here, so no doctor is open. I’d rather not have to go to the hospital if it isn’t needed. Can this wait till tomorrow?
  
    Edit: I’d say pain has gotten worse, more stabby now. Maybe a 4 or so on the pain scale

Article: Female Age 32 Smoker/ Drink rarely Left Shoulder Pain for 3.5 years Started to feel pressure under collar bone. Collar bone will get inflamed and go red and is hot touch. I’ve had cortisone shots and didn’t help at all. I can not shrug my shoulder or lift my arm straight in the air. Lymph nodes swollen left side of neck, 1 is hard and does not hurt to touch. Swollen lymph nodes in armpits as well. I recently got swelling in my left foot, as well as knuckles and some joint tightness/pain in hip and knee. Been getting really itchy rashes, currently under boobs and armpits but also get very itchy on my legs and chest. I’ve been sweating more than normal and smellier than normal. Was given naproxen 500 and cyclobenzapine. I’ve had 2 mris, 2 chest Xray, shoulder ultrasound, lymph ultrasound, and most recently a bone scan. I did get my images back but have yet to hear from the specialist who sent me. Was hoping to get some insight on the photos.
  
https://ibb.co/Mps49Rb https://ibb.co/7vnbXSx https://ibb.co/n3HNR2g https://ibb.co/fNf1b9J https://ibb.co/QCMGRLP https://ibb.co/M2zkTvn https://ibb.co/5k7FwYW https://ibb.co/J2McsKR https://ibb.co/zGwr3hg https://ibb.co/Mcc02kK

Article: So I (34f 5'6" 165lbs Caucasian) have POTS and a mirisd of other health issues but the only cardiac issues is an AV block (I think type 1 definitely the less severe one) and symptoms of autonomic dysfunction  I get so so sick and nauseous throughout certain times of the day and it seems to be around noon this happens. I wake up everyday around 8am so it's not like I'm sleeping when it's happening. I also don't rely on my watch readings when I have an abnormal reading I grab my pulse ox to confirm the HR. My highest in 6 months was 164 and lowest was 30 (only has started getting that low past 6 months, but under more stress than usual for both the high and the low.)
  
    I experience a very nauseous feeling, increased breathing rate, and oddly enough my heart feels like it's beating fast but maybe it's just beating hard. I have to lay down to alleviate the nausea, if I have to continue with my dad I develop migraines, I vomit, and I shake. Symptoms are way worse during hot days, the cold seems to lessen episodes.
  
    I've had holter monitors done which didnt tur  up much other than the AV block, and I had s tilt table test I had to have them stop (I was about to vomit) and i know i shouldve pushed thru it but i didnt. I was two beats per minute away from an official POTS dish osis  my heart rate increases by 28BPM within 3 minutes before I pulled the plug.
  
    So my question is this just a result of my autonomic dysfunction? I seem to get both episodes of my HR tanking and it increasing. If I'm doing a lot of hard labor it'll go up and on occasion dip down to low 40s and both episodes feel the same whether it goes high or low. Last thing I can think of that's worth mentioning is I feel better in the evenings/late night in able to smear normally without gastric issues.  Mornings I get diarhhea and stomach pain whether I eat or not.
  
    Or could it be something else on top of the autonomic dysfunction?

Article: My partner, 39F has a 4mm red raised bump on her left pinky finger that sits right on the knuckle. When she accidentally hits it, an extreme shoot of pain goes up her arm, often taking her breath away.
  
    What is this and how do we get rid of it? Who should she be turning too for medical attention? Any help is greatly appreciated!

Article: 25, female, 125lbs, 5’7, no conditions or meds- I just had a pretty nasty cold/infection that started 10/12. It was my first illness with a fever in many, many years. I did a 10 day course of amoxicillin (500mg 3 times a day) 10/15-10/24. Infection was essentially cleared up between day 3-4 of antibiotic, but obviously still finished it. I got blood drawn last week 11/8 and actually ended up coming down with a minor cold the next day 11/9 that I’m still fighting now, but nothing bad. Just a sore throat and minor runny nose. My bloodwork came back with low WBC, neutrophils, and absolute neutrophils, and high lymphocytes and monocytes. Is it possible that these infections caused this? I’m seeing a hematologist Wednesday but just looking for possible peace of mind. I have no general physical symptoms of anything, this was just routine bloodwork. I do however struggle with severe anxiety and chronic stress which can also be a factor I’ve heard. Looking for possible perspectives!

Article: 24F, 5’1, 120lbs, don’t smoke, drink 1-2 times a month.
  
    I think I have an infected tooth (I’ve had one before and it feels very similar in pain) but I haven’t been able to get to the dentist yet but I’m taking Amoxicillin 500 mg for it. I’ve been taking it since Thursday and I’ve been having some nausea, dizziness/weird feeling in my head, and feeling hot when it’s not hot in the room. Not all of the time, it comes and goes. Is it from the Amoxicillin?

Article: Hi guys, hope you all are doing well.
  
    In 2021, I was diagnosed with AVN Stage A with dimensions 2 x 2.5 x 2.6 cm.  This was done by Mitchell classification.
  
    At that time I consulted a doctor who prescribed me Vitamins and bisphosphonate. I did for 2 months. Due to covid restrictions I did not consult the doctor again. And for about 1.5 years I did gym where I was squatting 200 pounds and leg press around 400 pounds almost every week. I completely changed my lifestyle. I was eating very healthy. Keeping my weight stable.
  
    Until recently I started to get hip pain and in September 2023 I did MRI again which came out to be 2.5 x 1.0 x 2.2 cm Stage 2. This was done by fiscat classification. Now I consulted a different doctor and he prescribed me the same combination of medications to delay the progression.
  
    I don’t have any pain. I was scared about the hip pain that’s why I underwent MRI.
  
    My concern :
  
    I read a report online, few doctors examined around 65~ hips (Age 20-70) with both Mitchell and fiscat classification. They found out that Mitchell classify stage 1&2 as stage A. And if you look at the dimensions.
  
    First MRI -2 x 2.5 x 2.6 cm
  
    Second MRI - 2.5 x 1.0 x 2.2 cm
  
    Has it decreased?

Article: I’m a 24F, about 130lbs and 5’5. I’ve been on Linessa birth control for a little over three years. My period has come like clockwork every month for years. These past two months, I’ve only had light spotting. I went for blood work and I’m not pregnant. TSH, DHEA, and prolactin are in the normal range. However, my FSH level is below normal (1.1).
  
    I’m on no other medications, no other co-morbidities. Does anyone know why this could be? Is this cause for concern?

Article: Title says it all, 20M, don’t know how to explain it, Thought it was a pimple at first but it doesn’t have a head or anything so unsure about it, haven’t visited a doctor because I assume it will just go away but decided to ask anyways. Sorry if this is the wrong place don’t really know.
  
    Picture is here: https://ibb.co/7SPzph6

Article: 25 Female USA 175lbs
  
    I have had ear pain for about a month prior to seeing the doctor about it. It was not consistent so I didn’t think it was a ear infection so I just thought it would go away. Then I noticed two lumps on my collarbone and decided i should make a appt. My primary care doctor said I had water in my inner ear and it looked a little red and gave me a antibiotic to treat it as a ear infection. Completed a 10 day antibiotics and i still did not have relief. He ordered bloodwork. I will put a picture of the results in the comments. CBC was good but he found a small amount of immature red blood cells and was sending a referral to a ENT specialist. I’m sure I will be waiting for a appt for a while so I hope to get some ideas of what it may be. I will post pictures or the bloodwork he took and my other most recent blood work if it’ll be any help. Thank you.
  
    Symptoms Ear pain similar to ear infection but not constant Ear fullness 2 lumps on my collarbone. (Feels similar to swollen lymph nodes) not sure if you have lymph nodes there or not. When the ear pain is bad it almost feels like I have vertigo like I am off balance. I will get pain on the side of my neck

Article: M22, had a fever and a severe sore throat 1.11.2023, went to the doc and they gave me antibiotics just by looking at my throat - no swab test was done. The meds worked almost instantly. I finished the week's course of antibiotics on friday 10.11 and on sunday my fever and sore throat was back. Anyways it only lasted for one day so yesterday and today I've only had a sandpaper-esque feeling in my throat but no pain and no fever. I have no white spots in my throat although it is very red. Does this warrant for new antibiotics? I don't feel sick but my throat is definitely not healthy yet.

Article: 34 Female, 160lbs. The past 2 or 3 days I have been feeling under the weather with yesterday/last night being the worst. I have had body aches (has significantly subsided since last night) fevers and chills, which stopped earlier this morning. I have only been taking Tylenol to ease the fever and body aches. Only issues I'm having now is an INCREDIBLY sore throat, I can barely swallow anything drink/food (so no appetite really), when I shine a light at the back of my throat it's extremely red and I may have seen 1 or 2 white small dots. Also my pelvic floor is hurting (maybe from coughing much). I did have a regular yearly check up tomorrow but had to cancel due to having a fever and sore throat recently. I will get to Urgent Care tomorrow though. Does this sound like COVID or Strep, maybe a cold or flu? I rarely ever get sick, never had COVID. I have 5 kiddos, and as a stay at home mom i have been extremely cautious, trying not to get anyone else sick, but it's hard because out of those 5 I have a 4, 3, and 1 yr old.

Article: My daughter is 7. We live in Wisconsin. 43 pounds. She has chronic constipation. She takes Zytec, Miralax, culturelle kids probiotic, and an immunity supplement. She's now on day 3 of Cefdinir
  
    She was diagnosed via xray as having pneumonia on 10/22. 10/25 was her followup. Before taking her in, her fevers were like 103.8. She was prescribed amoxicillan (10 days).
  
    3 days after finishing (roughly 11/4), she started with a runny nose. More coughing.
  
    On 11/7, she had a fever at night. My husband took her to the doctor on 11/8. They were unconcerned and said she got a new virus. She's had fevers what I think is every day since at some point
  
    On 11/11 we took her to a Fast Care Clinic associated with our hospital system because I thought she had an ear infection. She did. But the APNP was very worried that her pneumonia is back because she's had fevers for 4 days now, and the mild ear infection shouldn't do that. She was very concerned for her cough. She thought we should go to an urgent care but said that there is no guarantee that they would do a chest xray. So she prescribed 10 days of Cefdinir and said to follow up with our primary today (11/13).
  
    So I called today, and they were not at all concerned and STILL think it's a virus. The nurse seemed more concerned about the ear.
  
    I don't know what to think anymore. One felt it's a virus. The other thinks pneumonia. And I have a kiddo that has missed so much school! She's still coughing and she has thick green snot. Yesterday  she took a 4 hour nap. She does talk about headaches sometimes. Otherwise, she's playing and acting semi normal at home. In the morning, the ear thermometer reads a normal temp. Later morning shows a fever with other low grade fevers (anywhere from 99.4 to 101 point something). In general, the thermometer reads from normal to fever, but it seems like sometimes it's easier to get a fever reading. We got a mouth thermometer tonight. It read normal when the ear one said fever! What can I believe? Am I making a big deal out of nothing? Should she be in school? Does she NOT have a fever? My husband thought she should be in school this whole time.
  
    I asked the nurse about the ear thermometer when I called, and she said that they are the least accurate and couldn't/wouldn't say if they commonly read that there is a fever when there is not. To me, logically, I'd moreso believe fever readings than normal if the readings are mixed. She thought I should average readings between the ear thermometer and the mouth.
  
    What do you think? Is it a virus or pneumonia? Is there probably a fever if you do get some fever readings throughout the day? Am I causing her to get high temperatures? I know I can cause high readings by stressing for myself. I feel like I'm going crazy.

Article: 21M 268lbs 5’10 Non Smoker Medications: Protonix 40mg White/Latino
  
    Back in December of 2022 i had some lower right abdominal pain and got it checked out via CT scan and it showed some swollen lymph nodes. I was diagnosed with mesenteric adenitis and sent on my way. I am still dealing with this today and i dont know what is going on. It started out mellow and just occasional pain and over time it has became a constant uncomfortable feeling on both sides of my abdomen, i got an endoscopy and discovered i had chronic inflammation of my stomach. those are the only two issues that doctors can find with me but i have almost completely lost my appetite and my body is in a constant state of fatigue and i just feel out of it every day. ive recently developed some aches within my right leg from my knee down and in both sides of my hips. im concerned there is something else going on that they arent seeing because every doctor i see looks at my history and sees the mesenteric adenitis and just goes with that. ive had multiple CT scans and all just showed swollen lymph nodes in my right abdominal region and i recently had an MRI that also only showed the swollen lymph nodes. My blood tests have been great other than very slightly elevated white blood cell counts and urine samples have also been good every time. Ive had stool samples and they were all good and i had a colonoscopy and they said it was fine. Between all of that i dont understand how i can get all these other symptoms and feel so fatigued and just bad in general with only some swollen lymph nodes and gastritis? Any input would help as i havent been able to get any answers out of this with any doctors and they said after i see a hematologist if they cant find anything then my best option is to get a 2nd opinion elsewhere.

Article: 17 Female, OCD and anxiety, 5"4 and 55kgs, non smoker or drinker, on lovan and I also take valium sporadically.
  
    I just went and did a brain CT due to some weird brain symptoms. (Confusion, numbness in left side, twitching etc). When I came out of the machine the technician said I didn't need contrast (they did 1 first without and said they didn't want to unnecessarily expose me). After the CT she came in, said I didn't need contrast and could go. I asked if she saw anything. She said she wasn't a dr and they hadn't had a proper look at it yet (wouldn't they see automatically?) and to wait for 3 days for the results. When I asked if there was something super serious she said "im sure the doctor would've said or its something we can't pick up with a CT" and let me go. Now im scared she was hiding something and they found something. I saw through the little window and im sure I saw an image of my brain zoomed into a white part. Idk if that was my brain or what but im convinced the image was mine and the white area was a tumour or something. Im also scared she said I didn't need contrast because they could see something obvious, or is not needing contrast a sign im probably okay??? She spoke with a doc and he decided this. Please somebody help because I'm scared out of my mind and I can't wait 3 days in this fear for the results.

Article: Im F19 170 lbs and suffer from chronic utis.
  
    Mid September I got a uti, i went to the doctor, she gave me amoxicillin. She calls 3 days later and switches it to augmentin because the culture came back. Cool. I finished the round (augmentin typically wipes it out) but it didnt fix it. I go back to the doctor, she gives me keflex. I finished the round about 3 days ago, it didnt fix it. I went back yesterday and he gave me macrobid. Im worried about taking this many antibiotics in such a short period of time this close together. I have health anxiety and im terrified, especially after reading about all the terrible things macrobid can do. Any advice helps

Article: Hi, my child (two year old with Down syndrome) just had follow up bloodwork for anemia.
  
    First round of bloodwork a month ago:
  
    Hemoglobin 8.8 (low) Hematocrit 28.7 (low) Platelets 160 (low) RBC 3.46 (low) WBC 7.14 (normal) MCV 82.9 (normal)
  
    Phosphorus 6.9 (high)
  
    Ferritin 32.9 (normal) TIBC 403 (normal) Transferrin 288 (normal) Iron, plasma 36 (low) Transferrin saturation 9% (low)
  
    Most recent bloodwork:
  
    Hemoglobin 10.3 (low) Hematocrit 32.4 (normal) Platelets 410 (high) RBC 4.14 (normal) WBC 13.6 (normal) MCV 78.3 (normal)
  
    Absolute neutrophils 10921 (high) Absolute lymphocytes 1686 (low)
  
    Ferritin 8 (normal) TIBC 473 (high) Iron 41 (normal) Transferrin saturation 9% (low)
  
    BUN 14 (high) BUN/Creatinine ratio 54 (high) Uric acid 6 (high) Protein, total 6.1 (low) Lactate dehydrogenase 126 (low)
  
    I tried to only include relevant values and/or values that were out of range.
  
    I am most concerned about the high neutrophils/low lymphocytes. Does this pretty much guarantee underlying infection/inflammation/illness? I’ve googled bacterial infections, kidney disease and blood disorders. Could these numbers reflect something as simple as a UTI?
  
    Waiting to hear back from our hematologist but would appreciate any insight whatsoever! Thank you.

Article: Hi all,
  
    I [27F] was perscribed ambien 10mg PO Qnight for a little over three years. Around sometime in June 2020 I had to stop cold turkey because my new psychiatrist didn’t feel comfortable prescribing it. It was hard to get back into some semblance of a sleep schedule but I guess it happened. However since then, I am the lightest sleeper and fail to ever feel rested. I often feel tired during the day.
  
    Other meds: adderall 30mg BID - ADHD. 200 units of botox every 3 months for migraine. No other health issues otherwise. Had an elective bilateral salpingectomy in October 2020.
  
    Could long term (though always only as prescribed) ambien use have ruined my ability to sleep??

Article: I'm (37F) broke my ankle in 2020. I had ORIF and two HWR surgeries after. I'm still in a lot of pain pain and recently had an MRI done and got the results. My surgeon basically sat me down and said to hold off on surgery but didn't go into detail about all of the findings. If someone could look it over and give me a general analysis of what I'm up for, I'd greatly appreciate it. THANKS!
  
    Conclusion:
  


    Postoperative changes of prior ankle hardware removal and healed lateral malleolar fracture.
  


    Grade 2 degenerative osteochondral lesion along the anteromedial aspect of the talar dome measuring 6 mm. Mild chondromalacia in the medial tibiotalar joint.
  


    Chronic deep deltoid ligament sprain with degenerative changes in the medial malleolus.
  


    Chronic sprains of the syndesmotic ligaments with near bridging ossification along the distal tibia and fibula.
  


    Chronic tears of the anterior talofibular ligament and calcaneofibular ligament.

Article: I know there’s something wrong with me. I have this feeling. The problem is that my symptoms are so general that they could be literally anything. I got an EKG and bloodwork, but they only showed low vitamin D. I need fresh eyes.
  
    Symptoms:
  


    constant headaches for a period, then no headaches for a period
  


    waves of brain fog and dizziness and drowsiness
  


    sometimes in the middle of the day, I’ll randomly feel like I do at like 11:30 pm, and I won’t be able to recover until the next day
  


    black floaters in my vision
  


    chronically low vitamin D
  


    sensitivity to light
  


    inability to stop spasming stomach after vomiting starts without medical intervention, usually
  


    I used to get grand mal seizures when I was little, but only when I was already asleep.
  


    chronic optical migraines from ages 11-14, following a major concussion
  


    Current diagnoses:
  


    ASD
  


    ADHD
  


    OCD
  


    TMJ

Article: 23F, 5'11", 185 lbs, Caucasian. No significant health history prior to the below.

    The past two months have been a rollercoaster of awful health problems I have never experienced before. I have had a low grade fever off and on for 7 weeks, intense fatigue, night sweats, in addition to significant, debilitating joint pain in both of my knees that is worst at night and when laying down (no other joints). My knees are not swollen or red but are very tender to the touch.
  
    This has been paired with a swollen lymph node identified by my PCP in my neck that she is sending me for a scan of, as well as a persistent, high heart rate (my usual resting rate is 70-75, at rest it has been 100+ (as high as 150).
  
    I have checked and had normal thyroid, parathyroid, EBV, CMV, Parvo, TB, etc. My blood work abnormalities have been: fluctuating high WBC count for 8 weeks (dips into normal, goes back to elevated), high neutrophils (10% band neutrophils), high calcium, low vitamin d, high c-reactive protein. Normal ANA and rheumatoid factor. I have also had persistent microscopic blood in my urine (1 year+) with no urinary or kidney symptoms. All kidney markers are normal.
  
    Today after presenting with a higher fever (102.5) and a resting heartrate ~130, my primary care doctor sent me to the ER for workup/EKG. Normal EKG just high heartrate. High D-Dimer (404, reference value: <231). High WBC (12.4 reference range: 3.6 - 11.2), high neutrophils, low monocytes. Was sent home after a normal CT scan ruled out a blood clot in my lung, and I feel like I'm back to having no answers. Any thoughts would really help as I seek out answers and hope to return back to my normal life.

Article: Hi, all. Throwaway account to save myself the embarrassment.
  
    25F, History of IBS-D since I was 9, I vape, no alcohol or drugs. Obesity (BMI of 40), Gastric Sleeve surgery in 2017, multiple autoimmune diseases (not Chrons, but mom and sister have it). Cholecystectomy. Eosonphillic Asthma (don’t know if that’s relevant or spelled right). Pantoprazole and Famotidine and Zyrtec for GERD.
  
https://imgur.com/a/axHzy4g

    For the past couple years, any time I have a bad diarrheal episode, I get these coming out. They are usually the only solids in these episodes. During these, my feces becomes a different, darker brown color (as pictured), normally my diarrheal poop is bright yellow/orange. It’s incredibly acidic always and burns my anus. I do epsom salt baths and and lanolin cream to the outside.
  
    I’ve had 2 colonoscopies and 1 endoscopy with small bowel over the years and they’ve always come back clear, but of course they’ve never happened during a active flare, so I don’t know if that makes a difference. We’re also rural so access to technology and specialists is slim pickins. I’m just wondering what this is and if it could possibly be my intestinal lining?
  
    Thank you!

Article: I (25f) am 32 weeks pregnant, live in Fl, USA. I am very much wanting to get the Abrysvo RSV vaccine that has been approved for pregnant women between 32-36 weeks pregnant.
  
    Unfortunately I have had an extremely difficult time finding somewhere that would give it to me. After exploring all of my options (all local and chain drug stores, every pharmacy in a 30 mile radius and my OB) I was able to get my OB to write me a prescription for it which Walgreens said they would fill.
  
    However, due to Walgreens personal guidelines in Florida at the moment, they will not administer it. This leaves me with (I think) 2 options. Either picking it up, taking it to my OB (or maybe my GP?) and having it administered there. Or, administering it myself.
  
    I don’t know if you can give yourself a vaccine or if it’s safe, or legal, or how I know what type of needle to use.
  
    I don’t mind giving it to myself, I’m not squeamish. I just need to know if it’s safe. This whole situation has been incredibly stressful and I just want to get this to keep my baby (being born during RSV season) safe.
  
    I don’t want to count on her getting Beyofortus because of supply chain issues.

Article: I don't know exactly what it is and different doctors have had different opinions. These days, the skin gets very dry and hurts when I walk. I just want to know what it is and how I can manage it and make my feet feel and look better.
  
https://www.reddit.com/u/hojirozame_/s/rG5hJftJLB

Article: Hi docs,
  
    33(m) 5’10” 170 lbs. athletic build.
  
    I believe I have figured out my issue. I have ED and weak urine stream. Where it starts and stops and I have to push it often. It takes forever to feel like I’ve emptied it all.
  
    Recently I’ve felt a ton of pain in the base of my penis. And I think this is damage to my urethra.
  
    Should I go to urgent care or make appointment with urologist? Also, REALLY embarrassed and very uncomfortable going to urologist which is why I’m posting here. I know this isn’t an actual diagnosis but would like some sort of advice/thoughts.
  
    Thanks!

Article: M15 - I had a really small red dot (probably an unhealed cat scratch) and accidentally spilled orange soda on it and over the past few days the red marks been growing
  
    i dont really feel much but its been 3 days and the mark has been slowly but steadily growing
  
    should i worry about this or will it go away? should i just poke it with something sharp to let it all out?
  
    since i cant add an image here ill just describe it
  
    between knuckes on my right hand but not on the web things between fingers, small brown dried up stuff below skin and red dots next to it 1/2 cm circle but not a solid circle more like a collection of dots and 2 brown things taking up around 70 percent of the space in that 1/2 cm by 1/2 cm circle, barely hurts if i touch it

Article: I’m 30F 250lbs. I have Rheumatoid Arthritis (diagnosed at 21), GERD/LPR (my LES doesn’t work right), gallstones, anemia, and anxiety. I take 40mg of omeprazole in the AM, 20mg of pepcid at night, postnatal vitamin, and I’m supposed to take plaquinil but have missed it lately because of stomach issues, trying to switch to a biologic soon. My RA is under control.
  
    I gave birth to my first child in April. I had preeclampsia. I felt pretty crappy for most of my pregnancy and my blood pressure would drop pretty low (80s/50s) until the last few weeks of it. After giving birth I continued to feel  weak, tired, and shaky. I thought it was just the new baby and recovering from my c-section. My doctors told me it was probably from the blood pressure meds I was on for a few weeks dropping me too low and took me off of them. My blood pressure has been normal since coming off of them.
  
    I was still feeling bad (weak, shaky, like I’m going to pass out) and I’ve been having palpitations and pain in my upper abdomen/chest. I went to the ER when they started and they said my heart was fine and it’s just muscle/skeletal. I talked to my doctor and she ran blood work and my blood glucose was a 57, i was not fasting. My A1C was 5.1. My hemoglobin was at 12, hemocrit at 37.4. I brought up my concerns along with everything else and she said it’s just my anxiety, having a new baby, and told me to eat more. I bought a glucose meter and I’m consistently going into the 50s even after eating. I feel horrible and I’ve continued to have pains in my upper abdomen/chest on both sides. I haven’t gotten any high readings and if I have a soda or something with a lot of carbs I end up back around 90-100. I’m just exhausted because it’s happening multiple times a day and I’m worried about passing out when it’s just me and my baby.
  
    What could be causing this? What kind of doctor should I try to see for it? I feel like it could be related to my gallbladder/pancreas but every GI doctor I’ve contacted is like 6 months out and my PCP doesn’t think it’s a big deal.

Article: Age: 22
  
    Sex: Female
  
    Duration of complaint: About 32 hours
  
    No pre-existing eye issues besides my eyes being a -6.0 prescription
  
    I put in contacts at 7 pm, slept in them, took them out at 2pm the next day and now my one eye is extremely red and “painful” just enough where I notice it but totally bearable. Not itchy and no excess “discharge”. It’s been over 24 hours now still very red. What is it? What do I do?

Article: Hi all. I went to a doctor who specializes in hands who I’ve seen for years for many fractures / muscle and tendon issues. No clue why but when I saw him about my hand he called for X-rays and an MRI and saw no issues with my hand. However when you compare my two hands, my EPL tendon stick out on my right hand and I have an increasing pain using my thumb. I feel weird posting this to Reddit but my Doctor literally brushed me off and just told me to rest my hand. I got a brace for it and try to rest it as much as possible but I’m a programmer and even using a mouse/trackpad hurts.
  
    I’m gonna link my a picture cause it might help to see. It’s hard to find anything on google and I really don’t wanna just self diagnose, but I’m wondering if it’s serious enough to get a second opinion.
  
    Also because it’s recommend to post. I’m 22 Male 6”1, 160 pounds, no regular medication, never smoked, and my only injury to this hand is I broke the tip of my ring finger playing basketball and I fractured my wrist like 8 years ago.
  
    Also I’ve had the pain for like 3 years? But it’s been growing steadily worse the last few months. My thumb also has like a near full range of movement it just sticks out funny when I extend it all the way.
  
    I should also mention my thumb joint pops if I like flex my wrist and thumb, this alleviates some of my paint temporarily.
  
Link to hand pic

Article: When I sit down too much and/or get stressed I get weird feelings near rectum or buttcrack and sometimes stomach/intestines. Feel shakes/spasms in there sometimes. Also if I lay down can trigger it depending on how I position. Can feel it near spine too sometimes. Also having bowel movement changes alot and bleed sometimes if hard stool especially or if wiping. Lost weight but also been avoiding certain foods due to stomach/intestine problems. Alot of loose stools, sometimes diarrhea and narrow stool often. All stool comes out in a second feels like. Due to get a colonoscopy soon. Hands dont get enough blood supply some days/times and hands/fingers are hard to fully open. Fatigue some days. Had ct scan of abdomen pelvic few months ago was clear, this was when my stomach was burning. Positive ANA speckled pattern.

Article: For my father:
  
    Male, 81, history of heart disease, diabetes 2, GI issues.
  
    He had a bisection of his small intestine to remove a blockage. Since the surgery, he has had issues with sleeping and energy. Iron deficiency has been identified, but not severe enough that his physicians have prescribed long-term treatment.
  
    Tonight he has felt short of breath, but his O2 levels are reading in the mid 90s. He wants to take a pain killer to aid in his sleep, but is worried about taking something too strong or weak.
  
    He has a prescription for oxycodone 5mg, and a prescription for hydrocodone/acetaminophen 10/325.
  
    Which drug might be the best in this situation? Is there more info I need to look at?

Article: Hi (27m) 5,6 95kg , having another problem looks like my anxiety comes back seeing another small bump in my groin area , doesnt look warts to me in this angle its looks like a wart but in some angle it looks like a flaky look , but i have in my hands like common warts im just thinking for biopsy for assurance . The pic are in my profile .

Article: My 55-year-old mother, female, asian, non smoker, 65kg, 5’2”, underwent a colonoscopy today. The doctor identified two polyps and successfully removed them. We are now awaiting the biopsy results, which may take a couple of weeks or a month even. This is the initial assessment. Can someone help me understand this? Thank you!!
  
https://ibb.co/F0BhY42

Article: I’m a 39 year old, Male, non-smoker. Current medications are 10mg Lexapro. I know this disease mostly affects older people but I’m still concerned. About 6 months ago or longer, I noticed scalp pain that’s tender to the touch on the back and side of my head. I wrote this off as occipital nerve pain from stress or tight muscles. Along with this I’ve been having random blurry vision. I get headaches occasionally but they usually aren’t bad and mostly feel like tension headaches or a lot of pressure in my head. Last night I randomly noticed that my left temple was very sore and tender to touch. Also the vein/artery in my temple was protruding. At the same time I have this strange sensation on the left side of my head as well as the back left side of my head. Not really painful just a feeling of inflammation. The pain in my temple has subsided but I’m Still having the strange feeling on the side and back of my head on the left side, also some slight pain around my ear. I plan on going to the doc for testing but could this be temporal arteritis or something else serious?? Thanks

Article: Age 37 Sex Male Height 5”10 Weight 280lbs Race Caucasian Duration of complaint 14 months Location Everywhere Any existing relevant medical issues No Current medications None Include a photo if relevant
  
    14 Months of continued symptoms
  
    Please read and give me your opinion.
  
    Last September 14, 2022 I went for a massage at the wrong place, started with a massage and then the provider started giving me a HJ and then BJ which lead to mutual oral ( which she basically ejaculated / came on my face / mouth ).
  
    She then put a condom on me and got on top of me for about 20 seconds until I stopped her.
  
    First night of, a strange headache.
  
    4 days after encounter, tested for everything all negative ( no symptoms )
  
    A small red spot appeared on my scrotum, lasted about a week ( this spot was swabbed for HSV, came back negative )
  
    1-2 weeks after, a tingling / burning sensation in my groin.
  
    Repeated testing again for everything ( HIV, Syphilis, Clymida, Gonno, Hep ) all negative.
  
    2 weeks + testicle pain, lower back pain, abdominal pain, 1 small palish spot appeared on my scrotum ( very itchy and hurt when scratched ) ( spot never grew in size )
  
    Itching on the tip of my penis, basically right at the pee hole.
  
    Frequent urination and the inside of my mouth I have sore, tender spots.
  
    3 months into symptoms finally given doxycycline, all symptoms disappeared for 1 month,
  
    4 months in, pain in my joints, legs, feet
  
    Repeated all testing, still negative ( added testing for Ureaplasma and Mgen, all still negative)
  
    6 months in, the pain I have in my legs now feels present in my right arm at times ( comes and goes ) - it feels like muscle and joint pain, can effect my feet / hands.
  
    Infectious doctor let me try Doxy followed by azrithro ( symptoms cleared temporarily)
  
    Also tried Metroziod 1 doze of 2000mg, symptoms cleared for a few days, I could move and run and jump.
  
    Now I’m basically 14 months in, I’ve just received another negative HIV / Syphilis test, my symptoms are ruining my life and daily life hurts just walking.
  
    None of my symptoms have gotten better.
  
    Please I’m desperate for suggestions, or any ideas ?
  
    I have a CT scan coming up for my stomach / intestines.
  
    Considering ordering a online test to check my semen for any bacteria.
  
    Does anyone have any ideas ? Could something be in my intestinal track that they can’t see ?
  
    My Doctor has basically given up and is trying to put me on long term pain medication and I’m refusing.

Article: I f18 noticed this weird rash on my thighs after standing by a fire idk if it’s related but my thighs where really hot bc I was too close. I think it’s getting smaller. I’m also a type one diabetic (insulin dependent) if that could have anything to do with it. I’ll post pic in comments.

Article: 41M, 6' 230lbs, Caucasian
  
    Drugs: Lurasidone for psychosis, Effexor for depression, Modafinil for low energy/sleeping all the time and a statin for high Triglycerides.
  
    I don't drink, smoke or use recreational drugs. I used to drink, but I stopped a couple months ago to see if it had anything to do with my health issues.
  
    Anyway, I have no patience for it anymore. I'm going to buy a bunch of antipsychotics online and test them on my own I think. It takes like 4 months to see if two different, small, dosages of Lurasidone will work for me with my psychiatrist. Is there something I'm not getting?  Are all psychiatrists like this?  She started out prescribing me with 20mg. That's not even a therapeutic dosage. How am I supposed to stay sane with that?

Article: 25 year old AFAB NB, 5’6”, 137 lbs. Anemic, no other physical diagnoses. Various mental diagnoses, including anxiety.
  
    I’ve been experiencing increased heart palpitations since I had COVID in January. My PCP ordered me a Zio patch to find out more about what’s going on. It came today and I put it on after work. I also have the KardiaMobile one lead ECG. The palpitations have been a source of anxiety for me and I’ve found being able to give myself a quick check with the KardiaMobile reassuring. I did one of my little checks just now and while it came back as normal sinus rhythm, the pattern of the ECG looked odd to me. I’m not an expert in reading ECGs, but I’ve used the device enough that I’m used to what they typically look like. I feel fine, aside from some anxiety because of this.
  
    My question is A) do these readings look alarming at all? I’ll include them in the comments. And B) could the abnormalities be caused by electrical interference from the Zio patch? Thank you so much to anyone who responds, I really appreciate it.

Article: I’m 21F, 5’3” and 110 lbs/50 kg, non-smoker and on 150 mg duloxetine (I know it’s a high dose, but it’s what my doctor recommended). I occasionally take 50 mg sumatriptan and 400 mg ibuprofen. I’m studying in the health field, which is why I have some basic knowledge in hematology/immunology and the vocabulary (I study in French though).
  
    I have a history of low levels of ferritin since puberty (I had pretty bad periods that caused me to faint, but they’re much better now, although I still have low ferritin levels). I took ferrous fumarate supplements once and the issue seemed to go away for a while.
  
    Two years ago, I started antidepressants for OCD and anxiety. I also tried oral birth control at the same time but stopped after a week. I started feeling intense fatigue, so I tried different molecules and different doses, but the fatigue never went away. About a year ago, on top of the fatigue, I started losing a lot of hair, along with other symptoms (those symptoms also seemed similar to those of thyroid issues).
  
    My doctor decided to do a blood test (CBC, anemia, thyroid, etc., but no further testing for cell shape, etc.) and it showed I had low ferritin levels again, so my doctor prescribed ferrous polysaccharide supplements for a few months. Blood tests right after treatment showed improvement, but a few months later I was back to where I started (and my doctor gave me supplements again and the cycle went on).
  
    I just had another blood test, and this time, my RBC is low, so are my hemoglobin, MCV, MCH, hematocrit, along with the ferritin and iron saturation. I also have low lymphocytes (but I probably have a UTI so maybe that’s the cause?). However, my reticulocyte levels are normal, and same for my TSH (so no thyroid problems). I’ve also done a test for gluten intolerance and am still waiting for the results, but I don’t really think it’s the problem. I’m trying to figure out what might be causing my anemia, so I could fix it and avoid taking iron supplements for the rest of my life.
  
    I can’t figure out what could cause the symptoms and the type of anemia previously mentioned.

Article: 29 Female
  


    5'7"
  


    142 lbs
  


    Pregnant (6.5 weeks)
  


    Active
  


    No medications
  


    No medical conditions/diagnoses
  


    Non-smoker
  


    Prenatal vitamin x1/day (for several months)
  


    Iron supplement 325 mg/day (for 2-3 weeks)
  


    I am dealing with classic iron deficiency symptoms. I've had iron deficiency on-and-off my whole life, so I know what it feels like. Because I'm newly pregnant, this concerns me. I need to get my levels up right away. If I wasn't pregnant, I wouldn't be nearly as impatient... but I'm now responsible for another life, and I'm not messing around! I went into my local walk-in clinic this weekend, as I was feeling incredibly dizzy, weak, and winded. Walking up my stairs leaves me huffing & puffing, and I am an active person. I explained my symptoms and urged them for a blood test to confirm I am iron deficient. Sure enough, my ferritin came back low (30 ng/mL), but my iron levels were normal (154 mcg/dL). I'm guessing this is because I've recently been taking iron supplements and eating lots of iron-rich foods. The way I'm interpreting this is that my storage (ferritin) is low, but the current level of iron in my system is normal. Not sure if that interpretation is accurate or not. For some reason, the doctor was dismissive about my ferritin level and said all my bloodwork looks normal. I know from a 5-second Google search that 30 ng/mL is WAY TOO LOW, especially for a pregnant person!
  
    Anyways, what do I do? What should I advocate for? Infusions? Injections? High dose iron supplements? My doctor literally didn't have ANY advice for me. He said to talk to my OB/GYN, who unfortunately won't see me for a few weeks. I'd really like some advice in the meantime. I'm gonna continue eating iron rich foods and taking 1 iron supplement a day, but I need to know if I should be doing more than this. I also don't want my iron to get TOO high, right? I still really don't feel well. I'm dizzy, fatigued, cold, weak, and breathless all the time. I really need answers, I want a healthy pregnancy, and I just want to feel better 😓.

Article: Female, 23, 5’5, 95kg, gastric sleeve a year ago, cholecystectomy 8 days ago. I know this pain initially happens after surgery due to the gases but it went away after two days and now suddenly its been back since 5 days after the surgery until today (day 8), it increases the moment I want to burp. I started taking anti acids and anti flatulence but i just want to know if theres a chance this pain is due to the surgery gases or is it because of the gallbladder removal itself like maybe problems in digestion. Thank you in advance.

Article: I know this might sound silly to many. But I am terrified of losing my leg gains, and I was wondering if it is at all possible for me to still use the leg extension machine. Or if it would somehow mess up my injury at all. I'm really uneducated, just looking for any trustworthy advice. (5'10 135 pounds M15)

Article: I am a 39M, white, 6'4 250lbs, that was recently diagnosed with moderate to severe Chondromalacia in my left knee after having an MRI due to pain and grinding in my left knee when walking up and down stairs (has been happening for 15 years and gotten worse over time) and popping in my knee (which has recently started) when pivoting.
  
    Specifically, the report stated:
  
    Patellofemoral Compartment: There is a small effusion.  High-grade chondromalacia with fissuring is present along the lateral patellar facet with underlying marrow edema.  Partial-thickness fissuring is also evident along the median ridge.  Chondromalacia is seen centrally along the medial facet with underlying marrow edema.  High-grade chondromalacia is present within the central aspect of the trochlear groove.
  
    Medial Compartment: Normal-appearing medial meniscus.  Small focus of mild chondromalacia is seen along the central weightbearing surface of the medial femoral condyle with subtle underlying marrow edema.  Tiny marginal ostcophytes arise from the medial compartment and project into the floor of the intercondylar notch.
  
    Lateral Compartment: Normal-appearing lateral meniscus.  Mild chondromalacia is seen along the lateral tibial plateau.
  
    My right knee has similar pain, but does not pop when pivoting, and my doctor did not suggest an MRI on that knee.  An x-ray on my right knee was inconclusive.
  
    My question is, how long does it normally (if there is a normal) take for Chondromalacia to progress to the severe stage?  I served in the Army Infantry from 2004 to 2009 and developed knee pain during my time in service.  I specifically noticed the knee pain while serving in Iraq wearing around 50lbs of gear regularly for that year.  I was also working on a armored vehicle that, due to the lack of properly armored vehicles in Iraq back in those days had a rear gate that did not function. This meant I was regularly jumping down off of an approximate eight foot tall vehicle while wearing all of that extra gear.  I felt a deep, sharp pain in my knees each time I jumped down, but after 3 or 4 seconds the pain would go away and I would continue with my mission.  I did this hundreds of times over the year I was there.
  
    I am considering trying to go to the VA to see if I can get help (My doctor told me I will likely need surgery and my insurance isn't great), but I am unsure if my time in service years ago could be associated with my Chondromalacia now.  I understand there is a large gap of time in there and I do not understand the nature of Chondromalacia and its progression, or if that sharp impact over and over or the extra weight of the gear could have started the issue and it progressed to now.  The pain has only gotten worse over the years.
  
    Thank you in advance for any responses.

Article: I (22M, ~165lbs) got a physical injury on my toe about 9 hours ago where a door was shoved into my foot, causing the front of my nail to be removed from the nail bed below it. There was blood under the first quarter of the nail, and there was a large white mark going horizontally across the top of the nail, below the blood line, which has since disappeared. I think this white mark meant that the nail got folded over at that line. The nail looks fine now, though, and is not bent or misshaped. The part of the nail that had blood now has a dark red line for the bruise.
  
    The only medication I am taking is 1000mg of acetaminophen every 6 hours for the past 9 hours for the pain, the maximum amount my bottle of tylenol says is okay to take. I tried to take only 500mg, but the pain was still too much after waiting the 40 minutes for the tylenol to start working. I don't smoke or do any recreational drugs. I do drink on the weekends, but it would never be more than the alcohol amount in a bottle of beer or a glass of wine.
  
    Normally for bleeding cuts on my foot, I would put on a band-aid with a dab of antibiotic ointment to stop infections, but the wound this time is below my nail so I can't reach it. I cleaned it with 70% isopropyl alcohol directly after I got my injury, and I plan on cleaning it again before bed. Is there anything else I can do to prevent it from getting infected?

Article: Im a 26 year old female, overweight and mixed African Carribean and Caucasian. I lent my bare breast onto a hot wok and before I realised, I felt a scalding sensation, and automatically wiped at it like it was a bug. What I'd wiped at was a layer of my skin and it was no longer on my boob. I ran the burn under warm water, I'd put hand sanitizer AROUND the area and clingfilmed it thay night because I didn't have anything clean to cover it but clingfilm. The next day it was red and had developed a thin layer of plasma. I'd bought a gauze (however you spell it) and wrapped it up but  when I took it off in the evening to inspect, it wasn't completely clear covered and there were some white splotches. I'm a bit concerned because ant open wound I've ever had has scabbed but this is just.. open? I'm a little worried, is this normal for a burn? I'm in the UK and don't know if this is something I should get checked at my doctors seeing as health care is ran thin. What do I do?

Article: Hi I'm a 29M, I was prescribed Keppra off label 3 years ago for weaning me off benzodiazipines by a GP as I was experiencing bad WD, it was really effective and did its job and I successfully weaned off diazepam as the end of 2021. I take 1500mg at night every night. Recently I have spoken with my neuro-psychatrist about coming off it and he gave me a really slow taper, only reducing by 125mg every 2 weeks. I started getting side effects so I went to look online about withdrawals and I found that apparently keppra IR is meant to be taken twice a day, not once? Should I be splitting my dose into 750mg twice a day and then attempting a withdrawal, I just don't want to put my body under undue stress and cause more problems, I have booked a follow up with my doc but the soonest I could get in is in like 4 months, any advice would be extremely appreciated.
  
    I don't have epilepsy and have never had a seizure, the only other conditions i have are tinnitus, hyperacusis caused by Meneires and ADHD. I take 250mg of Diamox, 1mg of Guanfacine and 12mg of Melatonin every night along with the Keppra.

Article: Possible long QT syndrome
  
    26M, 6 foot tall, 145 pounds, no current medications, quit marijuana about a month ago, I do currently vape.
  
    Medical issues: Asthma, anxiety, possible panic attacks.
  
    Today I had an ecg done due to what my doctor told me were probably panic attacks at work. But I had an odd set of symptoms that went on for a couple of hours. This is what lead me to call my doctor specifically how long it went on for. On last Thursday I was at work(Amazon packer). Around 4pm I noticed I was getting kind of sweaty all around I could feel my heart beating pretty fast and I started to get not exactly dizzy but more of a change in perception. So I walked outside the building and took a minute or two and started to feel a bit better. As soon as I got back inside I decided I'd go to our Amcare facility all they really did was took my BP and my blood sugar(I'm not diabetic not sure why they did this). My blood pressure was pretty high around 150/90. My heart rate was about 122 on their pulse oximeter. So I decided I'd leave and potentially go to the ER. After debating whether it would have been smart to go in to the ER or not. I decided not to. So I drove myself home. This is where it gets worse. As I was driving I tried to remain calm but my heart was thumping hard now I could feel it in my neck and in my stomach although I'm pretty thin for being 6ft tall. I also almost felt like a whooshing in my stomach as I was sitting but when I stood up at home that went away. By the time I made it home it had already been around an hour or so since this whole thing had started. Once I made it home I sat down and relaxed for a bit. This helped my heart rate was starting to go down but still between 90-110. I decided on burger King for dinner and went on the couple minute drive it took to get there. Then it started happening again and just as bad as before. This was around 730pm now. Usually if I have what feels like a panic attack I set an hour timer on my phone and try and sit for the last 15min of it. As I usually end up pacing around during anxiety or panic. Well my timer went up and it hadn't stopped. Each time I'd try and sit down I'd start sweating and couldn't sit still. But pacing or standing relieved this. So now my ecg results came back not the actual graph but I would assume it is the machines readout with the cardiologist interpretation at the bottom. I'm not sure how I can upload the photos of them but if I can't my qt interval was 410ms, my qtc calculation was 484ms(it says bezet not bazzett) and my qrs duration was 100ms with a heart rate of 84. I also use the Alivecor Kardia 6L and may be able to upload one of those results as well. Any insight would be appreciated. I know Mychart is really MY Enemy most of the time but I can't let this anxiety go.
  
    EDIT: Also some possible history of my job that may or may not matter. I have been at amazon for 2 years now. I also have my A.S. in computer science. I left a sound job prior to amazon in hopes of continuing my education using their financial assistance and to move up within the company. Everyday I show up with the mentally that I need to outperform everyone else. Not realizing how hard/bad that would be working at a company like Amazon. After completing my 90 days there I was eligible for financial assistance to find out they did not accept any of my in state colleges. This was a huge let down, but I stuck it out and am still working. If I couldn't get my degree I would again want to move up in the company. I see plenty of others who have less tenure than me and no education background besides HS. Get promotions. Mind you making it past a couple months full time is pretty outstanding 2 years seems unreal to most to be a L1 packer. I don't work with anyone I remember from my intake. This is again a huge let down. I'm not sure if I'm just burnt out or what. But I go back to work Wednesday and I'm honestly horrified to go as these symptoms an issues only seem to occur when I'm there. I've taken the last 5 days off of work and haven't had any racing heart or dizziness or anything. I've even done some moderate intensity work around my house without any issues.

Article: Starry vision in one eye.
  
    I’m 17F I have anxiety and migraines, I take lexapro and Wellbutrin every day and imatrex as needed.
  
    I was ordering me and my family some drinks from McDonald’s when my left boob started to hurt and my left eye started getting a little “fuzzy” feeling. It when I started walking around and talking when it got worse. I can barely see because of how starry my vision is. It’s almost like one of those hypnosis wheels are going on in my eye as I type this. Is this an emergency? Help?

Article: I’m 23, 180lbs, male and I noticed this skin tag like bump in my throat during dinner. Thought something was caught in my throat but turned out to be this.
  
https://imgur.com/a/Z90J3sb

Article: I’m mainly concerned with the regurgitation comments.
  
    Findings:
  


    Normal LV systolic function with EF 69%. Left ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal left ventricular wall thickness. Normal global wall motion. Normal diastolic filling pattern.
  


    Left atrial cavity is normal in size.
  


    Right atrial cavity is normal in size.
  


    Right ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal right ventricular function.
  


    Structurally normal trileaflet aortic valve with no regurgitation. AV Pk Grad of 7 mmHg, AV Mean Grad of 4 mmHg, AVA / BSA of 1.03 cm2/m 2.



    Structurally normal mitral valve with trace regurgitation.
  


    Structurally normal tricuspid valve with trace regurgitation. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension.
  


    Structurally normal pulmonic valve with mild regurgitation.
  


    No evidence of significant pericardial effusion.
  


    The aortic root is normal.
  


    Normal pulmonary artery.
  


    IVC is normal with respiratory variation.
  


    Conclusions: Normal LV systolic function with EF 69%. Left ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal left ventricular wall thickness. Normal global wall motion. Normal diastolic filling pattern. Calculated EF 69%. Structurally normal mitral valve with trace regurgitation. Structurally normal tricuspid valve with trace regurgitation. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension. Structurally normal pulmonic valve with mild regurgitation.

Article: Hello. I hope for some help! I am M24, 5ft9 and 150lbs. No underlying diseases.
  
    Since the end of April this year I get this (seborrheic?) dermatitis on my face in every 2-weeks period. It lasts for 5-7 days. My face then stays relatively clear (dry, with little flakes on face but sebum on T-Zone but pretty normal) for like 2 weeks and after that it comes back and my face looks exactly like on the picture again, which means I have this for like maybe the 10th time now in the last 6 months.
  
    I usually use povidone iodine for anti microbial activity during that dermatitis flare up but I think it doesn't make any difference because even without any cream or medication, it just lasts a week and then goes back on its own.
  
    I had this condition for the first time 7 years ago and the doctor diagnosed some kind of "superinfection" and prescriped very hard antibiotics pills and later on some anti acne cream but I think it was making it worse. Don't really remember back then. But it then went away and did not come back for the last 7 years until this April '23.
  
    I assume I have seborrheic dermatitis as my primarly skin disease and then it always flares-up with some kind of secondary infection but I am very confused because this dermatitis looks much worse then it should be for this disease. Maybe I have something different, which is why I am posting this and asking for a verified dermatologist.
  
    I am putting several images of my facial condition in the comments.
  
    Thanks!

Article: My brother 31M, has been diagnosed with a myeloproliferative neoplasm (positive JAK2 mutation). He has a high number of platelets, normal number of leucocytes and in the high normal ranges of red blood cells.
  
    His doctor is saying that this is either Polycythemia vera or Essential thrombocythaemia but he said we have to check the possibility of a fibrosis in the bone marrow with a myelogram.
  
    The only symptom he has is a sporadic fever (once in 3-4 weeks).
  
    Could this be related to his disease? Is it a sign of myelofibrosis instead of Polycythemia vera or Essential thrombocythaemia that his doctor suggests?

Article: So my wife thinks my 2.5 year old son needs to be circumcised because he keeps touching his penis. To be more specific he tends to pull and stretch the foreskin forward.
  
    We just tried to discuss the issue and she was all the way in for circumcision and I'm not seeing the need for it. So at this point I need some peer-reviewed journal links that shows the effects of circumcision to make informed decision.
  
    [My personal opinion is circumcision is not needed unless there's medical emergency]
  
    Thanks.

Article: Friday evening I got hit in the head with a metal pole. When the pain did not get better, I went to the ER Saturday night. Yes, I know and badly regret that I didn’t go right away. At my visit they did a CT scan. The entire time I was so terrified I could have a brain bleed. Sure enough I do. A subdural hematoma. The good news is the doctors are hopeful it will heal on its own and in 3 weeks I’m supposed to get another CT scan to check. I am also going to a concussion clinic.
  
    Honestly though I was so afraid I feel like I did not properly listen to everything. Is there any doctor on here who can explain my results in more depth? I have been so anxious when it comes to my head every day now. I feel like I’m constantly going to have a panic attack. I’m not really in any pain anymore, but I can feel the top part of my left head has almost a bit of pressure? It’s just noticeable. I’m not sure how to describe it.
  
    I also just accidentally tapped my head against the fridge and part of me is panicking that I could have caused my brain to start bleeding out more. Could this be the case? It was on the side where the injury is, but I didn’t have any real pain from it. It was once again just noticeable that that area feels weird. Am I likely still safe to go to sleep?
  
    I’m unable to attach any photos in this sub, but here’s a link to a post with the photos of the documents I received at the ER.  I would really appreciate if there are any doctors on here who can explain some more things to me and maybe reinstate that I’m okay. I’m taking it easy, will not be doing any sports or physical activity for weeks. I can’t believe the fridge thing happened though. To be fair, it was not hard and if I didn’t have this brain bleed I wouldn’t likely be thinking about it.

Article: I’m 25F, 5’5”, 132lbs. I recently started running. About 3 times a week, just a couple miles or so per run. So there is a lifestyle change. I previously have been very sedentary.
  
    So I sit on my knees often. And I’ve noticed this sensation before, but never to this extent.
  
    Sometimes if I’m sitting on my knees, and I lean in a certain direction it almost feels like the back of my left knee is getting twisted. I think it’s my bicep femoris. It’s like I tweak it and it feels like I’m gonna displace it or something. It feels “off center”. Like it’s too far to the side. It doesn’t feel “right”. As if I’m not supposed to bend that way.
  
    But recently, I’ve leaned hard enough where the pain is noticeably worse. I’m sitting, I lean and then it like cramps up. It “locks”, it’s never actually “locked” before. I have to slowly stand up, I panic every time cause it startles me, I anticipate pain worse than it is. I sit it down and try to put weight on it. It feels like it’s gonna “pop” but it doesn’t. It’s fine. But I did notice it’s a bit tender lately.
  
    What could be causing this? And how do I prevent it?
  
    Also; My sister is convinced we have EDS, because we have a lot of symptoms, even some specific ones, which is a whole other conversation, that doesn’t really matter right now. But I’ve been known to pop stuff out of place in the past.

Article: I, 19, male, 7", 225lb, have essentially hives whenever the temperature changes whereever I am. It is a round 1 mm in diameter rash that covers my chest, arms, and eventually whole body.  Cold, hot, doesn't matter. It is also accompanied by chest tightness whenever I am walking anywhere, dizziness, fainting spells, and potentially related bowel pain. Caffeine makes it worse, so wondering if it is something heart related. I have been to countless doctors, with cholinergic urticaria being the best diagnosis I can get, however it does not make sense for all of the symptoms.

Article: Recently I (35, F) noticed I had noticeable swelling in my hands and feet, a persistent cough, chest pain and increased urination. I Googled these symptoms and found out about PPCM on the American Heart Association website. Increased risk factors were gestational diabetes and pregnancy over 35, both of which I had. It also mentioned it often shows up 5-6 months postpartum. I called my provider this morning but she never got back to me. It has been about 4-5 days since the onset of symptoms, they have not alleviated.
  
    If I am at risk of this (worst case scenario type of deal) am I okay to wait a few days to go through her instead of the emergency room? I’m pretty nervous since the symptoms seem pretty textbook but the ER here is really not great and extremely costly. Thanks in advance!

Article: Sex: Male, Age: 39, Height: 6,0 ft, weight: 170lbs Medications: None
  
    Today I took my daughter to the playground with my brother and my niece and it was cold out. Decided I'd shadowbox a bit to beat the cold. Did that for a few minutes and then noticed a wierd tingly sensation in my fingers and around my hands. Kind of like a "prickly" sensation. I asked my brother what he thinks it is and he said it could be because of the cold and me moving my hands quick making the blood rush to my hands and fingers causing the weird sensation. What do you guys think? Anyone else get this working out in the cold or is it something else?

Article: 14 male 160 pounds 5'7 white i use adderall some times weed and drink. so i will just be hanging out playing a game or something and all the sudden i get a hard bump from my heart and like idk the one bump doesnt feel right then i get a out of body feeling and a rush of adrenaline and i have started to fear my heart more and more at first it was just at night but ill notice it even during the day now

Article: white female, approximately 5’5” and 130lbs, no prescribed medication, non smoker. Approximately 11 weeks ago, I thought I had a yeast infection. I treated this with OTC monistat and all of those symptoms seemed to subside. However, About 11 weeks ago, I began having urinary symptoms, with the main complaint being a bubbling sensation coming out of my urethra (not my vagina) following urination and occasionally during urination. I have had three urine dipsticks (all but one were normal and the “abnormal” showed trace amounts of leukocytes), and one urine culture which came back completely normal. I was treated with Keflex and then switched to Augmentin due to a bacterial throat infection. Then I was given a wet mount which discovered ureaplasma, was treated with Azithromycin (500 mg once daily for 5 days), with my doctor believing that the bubbling sensation was secondary to the ureaplasma. I continued to have symptoms and was referred to urology. The urologist conducted a cystoscopy, which only showed slight irritation around where the bladder excretes into the urethra. I was then prescribed 1g Azithromycin and 2g of Flagyl to be taken all at once again with the assumption that this was secondary to Ureaplasma. I waited a week as instructed and still had symptoms. Called the urologist back and they ordered a CT cystogram to check for a possible fistula. During this procedure I had severe pain in my back on the left side, I’m assuming was kidney pain, but none on my right. The results of the images state that nothing is wrong, no reflux into ureters, no abnormalities noted. I am beginning to lose hope and I believe my doctors are as well. Of note, I seem to have nerve pain around my genital area, or my buttocks but no visible lesions. I was tested for Chlamydia, Ghnorrea and Syphillis during my last PAP conducted in July of this year, these were all negative. I did have ASCUS cells present on this PAP though.

Article: Hi, I am a 15M male, not necessarily obese in kg either and a very hygienic person, recently a week or two ago a smell coming from my butt has started, it smells like a combination of sweat, fart and fecal odor. As the day goes on, it gets worse (with sweat).
  
    I can’t keep living like this, please I need tips and solutions, and no I can’t go to a doctor by doctor laughed and said that’s not possible, just keep good hygiene and a butt won’t smell.
  
    This is a cry for help fr, help me hygiene and smelling good is important to me.

Article: I've been having pain in both feet for a few years now, but the pain is progressively getting worse over time, especially in my left foot. Intermittent pain on bottom of both feet (pain switches between arches, to the outside bottom of feet). Started having new shooting pain on top of left foot earlier this year and noticed a hard lump. Went to get it checked out by podiatrist in June after being able to barely put any weight on left foot and in severe pain walking. Pain even occurring while laying down in bed, shooting up my leg from the point of where the lump was. Started with an X-Ray (negative), then had an EMG (negative).
  
    Podiatrist suspected lump is a calcified cyst and said it could possibly be putting pressure on a nerve (can anything be done if this is the case?). Results of MRI (foot and ankle) seem to explain a few different things, but my Dr did not review these results with me. The nurse called and said my Dr wanted me to know was that my MRI was "negative" and the next step is to seek neurologist for suspected nerve issues.
  
    I don't understand what these MRI results are showing (if anyone can help interpret, I would be truly grateful). I am wondering if I should seek out a second opinion from a different podiatrist, if it does look like there could be something other than a nerve issue going on. I do have a neurologist appointment already scheduled but it's not until January, so I do have time to seek out a second podiatrist's opinion before then, if it seems necessary.
  
    Thank you for any and all help and insight you can provide!
  
    Here are the results of my MRI (left ankle and left foot): https://imgur.com/a/S7VkQ6g

Article: What should I do? Picture in the comments. 37M, 5'9" 140lb, non smoking, not taking meds and it's been like this for a year. I've tried foot spray for athletes foot but doesn't work

Article: This started 3 days ago, we’ve seen two doctors, one on telehealth, one in person. Both thought it was a stomach bug but it doesn’t seem to be the case:
  
    2 days ago our daughter woke up and immediately threw up, and then frequently did during the day, often after drinking.
  
    Where it gets weird: it’s always clear liquid, even after eating food you’d expect to come up, or drinking something heavily colored like Gatorade (which had a faint tint to it but was mostly clear). It never seems like a bellyful, always less than or about a cup, and it’s pretty frequent.
  
    Doc did Covid/strep/flu tests, all negative.
  
    She feels thirsty at bedtime but throws up right away if drinking water - unless I give her a piece of break or something before letting her drink a little.
  
    This is day 3, she says she threw up 8 times at school. Doctor prescribed the really good anti-nausea stuff, I can’t remember the name, but she said it works every time - it had no effect.
  
    My wife, an RN, says it seems like it’s somehow coming from the esophagus and not the stomach, because it’s always clear and not acid-y - all the vomiting hasn’t given our daughter a sore throat or anything, and doesn’t leave a terrible taste in her mouth she says.
  
    It’s super weird, but three days in I’m a little worried. Any ideas?

Article: 30F
  
    Started with a scratchy throat and congestion on 11/2. Was treating myself, just taking OTC stuff my Allegra, Tylenol cold and flu, singulair, sinus rinses, saline nasal spray. I thought I was getting better then all of a sudden I lost my voice on 11/10. Severe head congestion. So congested my teeth hurt.
  
    Went to urgent care 11/11. He prescribed cefdinir and sent over Flonase. My voice is almost back but now my throat really hurts and I have a dryish cough.
  
    Am I wrong to say I think I need a steroid ? I’m just a nurse not a doctor lol
  
    I was expecting to feel better by now. I know I’ve only been on the antibiotic 3 days but the pain in my throat is worse and the cough is new !

Article: Hello, I watched videos and case studies videos for long hours, but I couldn't understand what these things were, and after doing so much research, I'm very curious, I want to learn, I want to ask.
  
    19 Male 181cm,  Hypothyroidism , 2.29 LH - 2.56 FSH - 17.94 Prolactin - Free  T 3.70 pg/ml - SHBG 8.9 - Total T 8.15 nmol (always between 5.5-8.5) - ACTH 49.8 - Cortisol 16.6 - Androstenedione 0.58 - TSH 5 -Free T4 1 - DHEA SO4 576
  
    1.There is a hollow spot in the posterior pituitary. Is this a visible structure of the pituitary itself or is it something else?
  
    2.There is a small structure combined with the pituitary at the upper left end of the anterior pituitary. What is this thing?
  
    3. In the pituitary, in the part I have circled in the images, there is an image resembling a microadenoma that is very faint and barely visible. It is difficult to distinguish. Do you think this is microadenoma or due to contrast?
  
    I couldn't understand them after researching them for a long time and I was really curious and wanted to learn. I would be very happy if you write back and enlighten me.
  
https://imgur.com/a/mCghJiS

Article: I (23F) have noticed over the past few years that my submandibular saliva glands have been chronically visible. I look back at pictures from prior to about 21 years old, and I never had this issue - I always had a very defined jawline. I have no accompanying pain, tenderness, symptoms of any kind. random things that could maybe be a factor:
  


    I do have my wisdom teeth still
  


    I have my tonsils
  


    I struggled with purging my food (bulimia) after eating for a period of ~3 months few months when I was 20 (so in 2020), but it wasn’t super frequent (3-5x per week at my peak) and thankfully did not last long. Maybe the trauma of forcefully vomiting??? But like I said, that was years ago and I can’t remember the last time i’ve even been sick.
  


    I really don’t know the cause, which is why I am asking here lol.
  
    any recommendations on why or how to fix this would be a huge help, it’s really hurt my confidence and i’m worried that there could be an underlying issue!! :/

Article: I am trained to take manual blood pressures. Since I'm on blood pressure meds, I 28F elect to take mine manually on my forearm (I find that electronic cuffs always give me crazy low or high readings). My readings are consistent, and I'm very confident that they are accurate.
  
    Normally my resting BP is around 110/60 (I sit down and rest 10 minutes before checking it). However, today, I was curious what my exercising BP is. Immediately after finishing my cardio session, I sat down and checked my BP.
  
    I found that, no matter how high I inflated the cuff, I was hearing my pulse all the way up. I inflated all the way to 300, and that did not cut off the pulse.
  
    But here's the weird thing: I actually ended up hearing Korotkoff's sounds at about 136/70, on top of the pulse I was already hearing. This was such an unusual thing that I've never come across before.
  
    Why would I hear a pulse, despite blocking the artery, and then still hear Korotkoff's sounds on top of it? Could it relate to the fact that I just finished exercising?

Article: Went to urgent care bc I was on the fourth day of very low fevers, chills, night sweats, slight sore throat, and the worst: mouth sores.
  
    The mouth sores look like white canker sores on my inner cheeks and gums, then I also have really swollen red gums and some sort of sores on my tongue bc the tip is bright red and almost looks slightly bloody. It all hurts like crazy. Hurts to eat, drink, brush my teeth and talk! I’m already underweight so losing weight is not a good thing for me, plus I’m nursing so I’m nervous about my milk supply.
  
    Anyways, urgent care said I had strep, but I was wondering about all those viruses that cause mouth sores! They dismissed that and said they’re just canker sores (just a coincidence when ive never experienced this before or what???)
  
    The rapid strep test came back negative. So now we’re waiting on a 2-3 day lab result for strep 😩 meanwhile my mouth is killing me and I’m worried something else could be wrong!
  
    What do y’all think?

Article: I (Female/31) had my second c section in February, at that time I requested a bilateral salpingectomy as a permanent form of sterilization. I was treated at a military treatment facility and my OB had since moved. The notes I received from the procedure are:
  
    “Attention was then turned to the right tubes which was grasped with a babcock and followed to the fimbria for confirmation. A hole was made in the mesosaplinx and an approx 3cm segment of tube was tied off and removed. Hemostasis was confirmed. The same was repeated on the left tube.”
  
    I was also requesting the bilateral salpingectomy because of the reduced risk of certain cancers.
  
    Any insight is appreciated!
  
    ETA: Pathology report stated that right tube was 1.2cm at great dimension and left was .6cm.

Article: I (31F) work in a kitchen and spend way too much time looking down. During my shift on Friday I was wiping down tables after lunch, turned and looked up and felt a sharp pain in my neck/shoulder area. It felt like a crick in my neck and I just tried my best to work it out but it only got worse to the point that I could not look up. I went home early, took a soak in a hot bath with Epsom salt, still sore but I was able to at least look straight ahead. My husband did what he could to massage out my neck and shoulder. I regained full motion but the pain was still there.
  
    It's now been 3 days, the pain has not gotten any better. I've been using heat and ice packs, making sure not to use my shoulder and neck. Do I need to go to a doctor or is there something I can do to heal at home?

Article: I 32 female recently moved states and needed a new PCP. I thought I found one and made an appointment.  They couldnt get me in for a couple of weeks but that was fine as i just had gotten my script filled from my previous PCP for my ADHD medication. The day comes and I speak with her and also find out I'm pregnant. They previously before the appointment had me fill out paperwork to get previous medical history from old PCP which they received before my visit. I only have about a week of medication left at this point. The new PCP said after finding out I was pregnant that I needed to stop my medication and whatever info they had gotten from my old PCP was not enough for them to keep treating my ADHD. I filled out another forms and left. My husband and I did a lot of research and both agreed it would be best if I didn't stop my medication. This new PCP then sent me on wild goose chase trying to get whateved information she was looking for to continue to treat me for ADHD. Even the receptionist was baffled why she was having me do all of this. My medical recorded clearly stated I have adult ADHD and I've been actively treated for it. My old PCP wouldn't help me anymore because they sent over everything. I kept messaging this PCP that I was worried about going through withdrawal effects and the amount of personal stress I was under. She replied back with take unisome to help... yes let's just put me to sleep... The moment I knew it was all a wild goose chase and just her bias was her last message stating whatever she had wasn't enough to convince her I have adult ADHD and she can get .e retested after the pregnancy was done. I immediately started looking for a new PcP and found one who was willing to listen and not just push me aside and continue treatment. I've been thinking about it for the last 3 weeks if I should file a complaint about unprofessionalism but I don't know if all that is warranted. It caused me to have a couple of panic attacks, endless amount of crying, and sent me into a deep dive of depression that I'm still not fully out of. Advice?

Article: I am Female, 24, Caucasian, 5'11", and 165 pounds. I don't take any medications but I am a pack-a-day smoker, however I am otherwise physically fit and healthy. My previous conditions are an eating disorder when I was 17 and a slight heart arrhythmia.
  
    If I'm standing still for a short period of time, occasionally (maybe once every week to two weeks or so) I will start to feel like I'm going to pass out. It's really consistent and feels the same every time. First my face flushes and feels hot, then my core muscles start to give out, like I've just done a bunch of sit ups, then I have trouble breathing and my vision turns to yellow and blue stars. My ears also start to ring. As soon as I feel this I immediately sit down and just put my head in my lap. Usually it will subside after about 30 seconds, though I usually stay sitting for a few minutes to recover.
  
    I thought it was dehydration, even though I always drink at least 64oz of water a day, so I started drinking more, and it didn't help. For the next hour or so after this happens, it can happen again if I stand up or stand still, so I have to be careful and keep my head down to not provoke it. I'm really not sure what it could be, getting to a doctor is really hard for me, I don't have a car or much money, so I'm asking here to see if it's something I should be super worried about. Thank you all.

Article: I am 23F, 5’8”, 165lbs. Currently 17+3 weeks pregnant with my first and taking a prenatal, but that it. No major medical history or medication otherwise. The area between my heel and calf on the back of my leg is slightly swollen and hurts to touch (even just putting on leggings hurt). I don’t remember hitting anything, and there isn’t a bruise. I know blood clots are more common in pregnancy but I have no idea what the symptoms are or how serious/quickly they progress. So docs, does this sound like something to worry about?

Article: 5'9 27M 250lbs
  
    I noticed a small lump in my eyelid, in July, and it had only gotten worse since then. Around September the lump turned this red color and that's when I decided to get it checked out. I saw an Optometrist who said it was a chalazion and would refer me to a specialist. Well, the earliest I can see the specialist is in 4 months. I have some concerns that it might be cancerous, so I just wanted some second opinions. 2x daily hot compresses and daily supplements (fish oil, tumeric) and have seen zero improvements.

Article: I (female, 26) have had a ganglion cyst on the back of my hand for about 5 years now. When it first appeared I went to a general doctor and she said there is nothing that can be done.
  
    Here is the thing though: If something even just taps my hand I am in excruciating pain! One time I hit the cyst by mistake with something heavy at work. I almost fainted from the pain. My watch sometimes hits it and even that causes pain.
  
    Additionally, the past yearish, I have felt like it has been affecting my hand’s mobility. There is also a dull ache in the area of the cyst that doesn’t really go away.
  
    I finally went to a specialist a couple months ago, and he said the cyst is in a spot where I couldn’t break it myself (it is in the center of the back of my hand. Not near the wrist. It may be under bone too? I can’t remember). Additionally, they can’t drain it normally,  thus would have to do surgery on my hand.
  
    The issue: I work in water quality. I put my hands in dirty water all the time. I wear gloves but I would still get water on me.
  
    So my questions are: does this sound concerning enough to get it removed? If I chose not to get it removed, will it have long term affects? I really would prefer not taking off work, I have the time but I’m early in my career here. But at the same time, I obviously don’t want to lose mobility in my hand.
  
    Please advise!

Article: 37M220lbsAcid Reflux (maintained by Omeprazolle 40 MG)Advair 250
  
    After 2 glasses of red wine before dinner and starting on my 3rd I started to feel nauseous. I took some aspirin, some knockoff Mylanta to help calm my nauseousness.  I went to the bathroom to throw up and everything was dark black. Is this just the red wine or should I do anything and I've had mylanta make my poop turn black the next day before? I don't feel anything else really.

Article: Hi guys I’m 23, female, 5’6” 110Ibs. I have epilepsy and diagnosed with Borderline personality disorder. I take the following medications:
  
    •Zonisamide 100mg 3pills before bed. •Lithium 150mg 1 pill before bed. •Seroquel 200mg 1 pill before bed.
  
    My urine varies in color usually a little yellow because I don’t drink enough water. However, the past year, when it is dark it can smell very sweet like popcorn and it is scaring me. My urine can get super cloudy as well. Most of the time once I get enough water it goes away. But I don’t want this to keep happening.
  
    I don’t intake enough liquid at all if I’m being honest. I drink like three dr. Peppers a week, my weakness. My food intake is high in carbs, and I eat very little. Like some days my body is running on just garlic edamame. I know that’s an issue. I just feel with college and work there is no time to eat.

Article: I recently got into a car wreck, I was escorted to the hospital, diagnosed with a concussion and a fracture around my eye. Most of my nose is numb from the wreck and I assume I did hit my nose along with other areas of my head. I never really lost consciousness. It’s been 4 days since the accident and I recently just coughed up some mucus with a clot of blood in it (first time that’s happened since the wreck). Most of the other symptoms have subsided. I get headaches in the morning and my face is still partially numb. I have pain in my sinuses when pressure is applied. I went through every test that is procedure following a serious brain injury as soon as I arrived at the hospital. If it was something more serious, would it have been caught at the hospital or is there a high chance something serious like a brain bleed could have developed well after the wreck. I coughed up the blood in the mucus randomly at night. Only once so far. Could it be more serious or just draining of older blood/a casual sinus issue?
  
    PI: Male 22 6’1” 220 lbs on lexapro, antibiotics, ibuprofen, and muscle relaxers.

Article: 15 female, 6 feet tall, around 170 pounds. I haven’t been able to walk or see normally for about a year. I have virtually no control over my legs, since they wobble no matter what I do. I have to use mobility aids every second of every day. I haven’t gotten any good sleep in a month because of the sensations on my skin keeping me up at night. I can’t read anymore. I have to type this by speaking in my phone, and I have to have everything read out through text to speech. I haven’t gotten better at all. If there’s any change to my symptoms, I’m getting worse. I have no diagnosis. Am I stuck like this for life? I can send labs in comments if necessary. I’m just so desperate. I want my life back, or at least have someone be honest about my recovery.

Article: M19 About a year ago I had terrible abdominal pain diarrhea and blood in my stool, I had a CT with no findings. I ended up having a fissure but my GI was concerned for IBD so I had a colonoscopy and upper endoscopy. Both found nothing, and I thought nothing of it. Cut to this year, my symptoms repeat, and so I get a CT and I receivce this back from my report " the transverse and descending portions of the colon have a thickened appearance without pericolnic stranding or pneumatosis" and that there is "mild nodularity in the descending pericolnic fat" ditto with the sigmoid colon. Is it possible that my colonoscopy and upper endoscopy missed IBD?
  
    Tldr: Had colonoscopy nothing showed, could it be wrong?

Article: Hello. I am 28F 5’2 130 pounds. I had a miscarriage at 9 weeks 4 days around the last week of August. I opted to not have the surgery, and passed everything naturally myself. Things to note: Baby stopped growing at 6 weeks 4 days. I didn’t start bleeding until 9 weeks 4 days, so a solid 3 weeks went by that I had no idea anything bad was about to come my way. (My first OB appointment was at 6 weeks 3 days, everything looked great when I was there) (yes, you’re reading that correctly, the baby stopped growing literally the next day)
  
    During the pregnancy (more towards the last few weeks of it)  I started having heart palpitations here and there. No shortness of breath, no chest pains, just fluttering here and there a few times a day. My OB said it was from my hormones. I DO have an innocent heart murmur, so I always worry when my heart does anything out of the norm.
  
    I had the miscarriage and still to this day I’m getting the palpitations. I mainly notice it on days that I’m working (I’m a hairstylist, so on my feet for a long time 3 days a week) I do notice them at home every now and then as well. I have suffered with anxiety my entire life. Could this be an anxiety thing? I do always feel anxious at work because my clients try to ask me about the miscarriage and it triggers me multiple times a day.
  
    Besides the palpitations, I still feel so incredibly moody and irritable. This was my second pregnancy, my first one ended in a beautiful, healthy baby.
  
    My main question is- could I still be experiencing things from the miscarriage, or is it time to look further into the palpitations and mood changes?
  
    I have had 2 regular cycles now as well.

Article: 18F I weigh 110 and I am 5’2 I take medication for adhd and birth control but I stopped it just a few days ago. so this year 2023 I had an ectopic pregnancy emergency surgery on my right side. I had lost my right fallopian tube because it ruptured and kept both my ovaries and my left fallopian tube. On the 9th of this year October I had a positive pregnancy test (this is my second time being pregnant the first was my first ectopic) I went into hospital on the 9th because I was having lots of pain on my left side as well as slight bleeding only when I wiped. On the 10th of October my Beta hCG levels were 71. On the 11th of October my Beta hCG levels were 140. At this point I was starting to experience more pain and more bleeding with the blood being very dark almost brown black in color. On the 12th of October my Beta hCG levels were 171 with once again pain and more blood. I am very early in my pregnancy they have told me and cannot find/see the pregnancy on ultrasound. They don’t know if it’s in the right place or the wrong place. Today I am unsure of what my levels are but I have passed I would say large amounts of blood with some clots today and am having terribly awful pain. I was not given any pain meds to take home and was told to follow up with a clinic which will give me regular blood tests to see my hCG levels but I don’t think this pregnancy is normal due to all the pain and bleeding. I am so stressed and have no idea what to do wether I should go back in or not as I was there last night. The pain is becoming unbearable and I can’t manage it at home and I feel like I’ll pass out if I get up what should be my plan of action?

Article: I'm a 19yo Male and got into a motorcycle accident last week. Got scrapes all over my body but they are now normally healing.
  
    My concern is this wound of mine at my foot! It got infected and started swelling, 5 days later it's still swelling! I get it cleaned 2x a day with ointment. I am also prescribed antibiotics.
  
    The reason I think it heals so slow is that I'm not bandaging it. Doctor said I could leave it open since I'm at home. But I read online you should bandage it for moisture. I don't know what to do! Having a difficult time walking because of this.
  
    Image: https://ibb.co/5WYnFsV

Article: okay so i peed an hour 1/2 ago and it was straight up blood with clots. im a 21 year old female ive never had a uti or bladder infection before. im leaving for the ER now but im in no pain. what the hell is this ????

Article: 32y/o
  


    5’9”
  


    150 lbs
  


    paternal family history of heart conditions and COPD
  


    while I work from home and am mostly sedentary, I do work out, and have no problem doing cardiovascular activities
  


    use an inhaler as needed due to asthma
  


    In the past few months, my Apple Watch has flagged a few times in the middle of the night where my heart rate dips below 40bpm.
  
    Last time was about a week ago it hit 38bpm before slowly rising again to 40-50bpm until I woke up for the day.
  
    According to my app, my resting heart rate range is 52-55bpm and sleeping is 36-93bpm

Article: My 14 month old has been sick the past few days. Coughing, sneezing, and runny nose. He had a slight fever yesterday but it seems to be back to normal today. I’ve already messaged his pediatrician but in the mean time… has anyone seen little dots on their baby’s face during a sickness like this? They remind me of what we used to call “puke dots”. But I’m wondering if he could have gotten them from the fever or from coughing? It doesn’t seem to be a rash, and they don’t appear to itch him or make him uncomfortable. They’re dark red almost purple tiny little dots all over his cheeks. Any advice or comments are appreciated!
  
    Age: 14 months Weight: 27lbs Height: 32 inches

Article: Hi, I’m looking to crowdsource some help gaining clarity on a bevy of symptoms that have popped up over the last few years. I’ve seen practically every specialist possible, had MRIs, CTs, blood tests, etc. Outlining my case below and hoping for some guidance.
  
    32 y/o male, never smoked, former athlete (long-distance trail runner), used chewing tobacco in high school, social drinker.
  
    Covid positive 10/21, developed migraines, venous insufficiency in both legs within months of diagnosis (no family history of vascular disease) suspected venous disease in right arm (couldn’t tolerate at IV at the ED, and feeling pressure in the superficial vein on my right thumb), continuously elevating Eosinophils, enlarged lymph nodes in neck, armpits, and groin. Pain, weakness, and aching of both legs that sometimes impact my ability to walk (more of a stagger at points) when I was running 20+ miles through mountains a few years ago. Had Varithena done on my right leg which didn’t alleviate my symptoms.
  
    CK levels hover around 320, which rheumatology mentioned is “where I sit” as a decently muscular guy (this is objective, as I’ve lost a ton of muscle mass in the last few years).
  
    Cardiac MRI was normal, some tree in bud opacities during a lung CT August 2022, which is being repeated along with a Neck CT tomorrow as a lump was discovered under my tongue.
  
    Post covid I went to the ED multiple times with a RHR of 135, then migraines with aura (CT and MRI looked clear to neurologists.)
  
    Rhabdo in February following three days of intense exercise after being somewhat sedentary for months post covid (CK levels were 155k at peak)
  
    AST and ALT are normal, but I was diagnosed with NAFLD which I’m 99.9% sure was due to being put on propranolol which I’m now off of (the weight gain was unbearable and it’s taken me months to shed it).
  
    Low Dose Naltrexone has brought my BP down (I had been hypertensive for the last 18 months) but still having difficulty sleeping, along with crippling depression and anxiety that were managed up until 2021.
  
    Outside of the CTs tomorrow, I have an appt with an oncologist Wednesday. I’m definitely lacking a solid PCP to be my health QB, if you will, but fortunately have an appt with one scheduled in Jan. In the meantime, I’m hoping someone can help me with some ideas as to what’s going on based on the above rant.

Article: Back in February I had a scan and came back with these results. My doctor had said if I cannot go #2 or the pain is that severe to go to the hospital to be seen for a possible bowel obstruction. How do these things happen? Can’t they go away on their own? How serious are they?  I have been on a broth and tea diet for about two days and the pain is almost unbearable. However I am able to go #2. What do I do? Help help

Article: I, 24F recently did an ultrasound for the lump in my breast. Both sides. I received the result and my doctor told me to do it again after 6 months since they found cyst on both. He told me not to worry and come if there’s any changes.
  
    Earlier, while I was changing. I noticed that my left nipple is flaky/crusty. Kind of yellow crust but not noticeable unless you try to rub it. I already rub all the crust and it’s gone now.  I also checked my right side and it’s normal. I tried pinching it for discharge but nothing came off.
  
    Any thoughts on this? Should I get an schedule right away? I just visited my doctor earlier this morning. My health anxiety is not helping me.

Article: Please.
  


    my calfs, knees, ankles, and hips
  


    feels like the flu in my legs
  


    much worse when it’s cold
  


    hurts throughout the day not just when i play
  


    makes me so much slower and unable to react quickly
  


    hurts worse when it rains
  


    Please help!

Article: What could explain varicose veins for a 24yo woman? I’m relatively active even tho i work a 9-5 and sit most of the day. I go to the gym and walk to work everyday. Healthy weight as well.  I’ve noticed a varicose vein on my right leg a couple months ago and i’m now noticing another one very mild can barely see it on my other leg. This is coupled with other peculiar symptoms like muscle twitching in my calves, feet and all over my body. I also noticed some skin hyperpigmentation in my right calf. I saw a vascular specialist and did an ultrasound and I was told not to worry my circulation is fine and nothing to signal. But my mind is not at ease. I’m so young and have no family history of varicose veins.  what if we’re missing something? Should I get a second opinion?  Help please

Article: 6 month old male (M6 for bot) 15 pounds, no known medical problems other than eczema. His temperature has been dropping to the 97’s in the evening. It is getting cooler out, but we have the heat on to 74 at night to keep it warmer.
  
    He’s typically 98.5 during the day.
  
    Is this something to bring up to the pediatrician or likely just the change in weather?

Article: Picture attached below.
  
    For some background, I’m 32f, 5’7 180 lbs 7 months postpartum c section.
  
    Last week Wednesday at 3 am i woke up with excruciating cramping in my lower abdomen. I have ulcerative colitis (currently in remission) so I’ve experienced painful cramping, but this was the worst. It was also lower than I’m used to. I got up and tried to take a bath but 20 mins in I felt like I was going to pass out so I got out barely able to walk. It came in waves.
  
    I was so scared my husband took me to the hospital where they did a vaginal ultrasound and a ct scan (no contrast). Everything came back normal except my wbc count was high and i had a kidney stone in my kidney. The lady doing the ultrasound said there was some fluid in my pelvic cavity but nothing came back on the report.
  
    They gave me morphine and I left a few hours later still in pain but only to the touch. I saw my OB the next day and she said she thinks I had an ovarian cyst burst. I left and felt good only slight cramping.
  
    Well today/tonight the cramping is back not 10/10 painful but still about a 6/10. My lower abdomen hurts to the touch and I also have a cold (not covid) that im coughing so much with and coughing/walking/peeing is hell. Im having to hold my abdomen super hard while im hacking up green phlegm.
  
    Any ideas of what this could be? ive never had ovarian cysts what is the likelihood of having two burst within a week?
  
    Tia!
  
https://imgur.com/a/VUf1epg

Article: What would be a cause for jaw pain right along the jawbone under my ears after an endoscopy?
  
    It was quick procedure, and straight after I woke up my jaw felt like it had been punched on both sides.
  
    I was coughing a lot of phlegm up too.
  
    It's been 4 days since the procedure and it still hurts.
  
    Going to see the doctor but just curious as to what it could be.
  
    TIA

Article: 14m 220lbs 5'6 so I I'm trying to lose weight so I stopped eating snacks only three meals a day so a month ago I was 220 I weighed myself week ago I was 227 then today I weighed myself on two different scales I was 218 also to note when I weighed myself on the three separate scales so I did not use the same scale but I'm worried because isn't this a symptom of cancer?

Article: Going to get right into it, basically I feel completely disconnected from my body and environment. That may not make sense, it barely does to me, but that’s the best way to describe it. Hell most days it takes me a few hours after waking up to convince myself I’m even awake because nothing feels real. It’s been like this since I was a child, but it just seems to be getting worse as I age which is why I’m asking about it now. It feels like I’m not real to the point where I’ve literally looked in the mirror before and just stared into it trying to convince myself that that’s me, but it just doesn’t feel like it. It’s incredibly distressing and I don’t know why I’m like this. I’ve explained it to a few people before and they look at me like I’m insane so I’m assuming it’s not normal? I want to get help for it, but I don’t know where to look

Article: 20F, 220lbs, 5’8, prior history of migraines, hashimotos hypothyroid.
  
    I’ve been having a constant migraine for the past week and half. The pain has been at a 6-7 and it ebbs and flows. My neurologist prescribed me toradal, compazine which didn’t work. She then prescribed me gabapetin which also did nothing.
  
    On Sunday (11/12) I went to the ER where they gave me the migraine cocktail which didn’t touch the migraine so they ended up giving me dilaudid. The dilaudid helped for a bit, but the migraine was instantly back in 6 hours.
  
    This morning I woke up with the worst migraine in my life. I don’t say that lightly as I’ve been getting migraines since I was eight. I can hardly walk from the pain, and I’ve been sleeping all day so I don’t have to experience the pain.
  
    I’m worried something more than a migraine is going on as I’ve never been in this much pain from a migraine, or for this long. Should I be heading back to the ER or should I try to get in with my neuro?

Article: I (AFAB, 27yo) recently started having dreams where I experience psychosis. To be clear the psychosis is only in my dreams and never when I'm awake. The dream usually involves me hearing and seeing things that aren't there, freaking out, and trying to call emergency services (still in the dream). I have other mental illnesses (depression and anxiety) and take rexulti, trazadone, and effexor for them. Is this something I should worry about or just a bummer?

Article: Hi, I'm 18F, I have no diagnosed conditions and I'm actually here because my head jerked to the side so quickly yesterday that it cracked my neck and startled me lol
  
    I'm hesitant to call these tics because from all the descriptions I can find of tics, they feel like more of strong urges, whereas these are more like involuntary muscle contractions. I call them my spine sneezes because I can sometimes feel them coming in the form of a chill up my spine, kind of like how your nose tickles just before you sneeze, so spine sneezes.
  
    They can happen randomly, but I noticed that they tend to happen more often whenever I get goosebumps or chills about something exciting or pleasant, my head will just jerk to the side or my shoulder(s) will jerk up or something will tense up around that area in response. I've always experienced them so I never thought much of it, but they've not gone away with time and I've never seen them happen to anyone else, hence why I'm asking: Is this actually totally normal and I'm being paranoid? If so, why does that happen?

Article: https://imgur.com/a/HWIyt5n Male 5'8 185 lbs Cannabis smoker No current medication History of Chronic Sinusitis
  
    I've been having sinus issues for over 6 years, I've been on lots of antibiotics and still having issues. I ordered a Microgendx swab test and it tested positive for S. mar. bacteria. I've been having sinus pressure, dizziness, stiff neck, fatigue, night sweats from the chest up and just a general unwell feeling. Is this a dangerous bacteria? Also is this Microgendx test a reliable test? I'm just curious if I should have my doctor do some kind of swab on me. Appreciate any advice!

Article: I am 21M and I don’t smoke or so drugs. I have had a sinus infection that lasted about 3 months about a year ago but this does not seem similar.
  
    I’ve been having aches in the middle of my nose and a sore jaw. I assume the jaw is because I haven’t been wearing my night guard as I should but I’m not sure what is causing the ache in my nose. Does anyone know if it can be cause by grinding my teeth? Thank you!

Article: 41M, 6'2", 220 lbs, no other medical conditions, just take allergy meds. No drink or smoke or drugs.
  
    I've had this issue since about high school. I have a morning bowel movement that takes a LONG time (45 minutes) to complete. Some will come out, then in 5 min some more, so on and so forth. It starts out well formed and gets mushier towards the end. After about 45 min of that, I feel "done" and ready to go about my day.
  
    Then almost every day usually sometime after lunch (but can be as late as right before I go to sleep) I have an URGENT bowel movement. As in from the moment I feel something happening, I have about 10 minutes to find a bathroom cause it's coming out. And it's usually a loose movement, though not full on diarrhea. I usually have just 1 of these urgent movements, but on a really bad day I can have 2-3 of them, though that's not common. The urgent movement's timing is very unpredictable, hence why I get nervous about going out or being far away from a bathroom after lunch.
  
    I've seen several doctors, gotten all the scopes, some scans, tried various diets, nothing seems to really help. IBS is the diagnosis they all have given me, but I wonder if there is anything else I may consider or try?

Article: My whole life (I’m 22), it always seems like medications don’t affect me. Everything I take, im always on the max dosage of it but nothing ever really works for me despite it working on my siblings and parents. A couple of examples: I’ve had depression since I was like 12 and have been on literally everything until I maxed out the dosage and switched to a new one. Some things will work for a few months to a year and then just seem to stop having any effect and I have to switch off. I also have been diagnosed with ADHD (and I promise I have it lol) and went through at least 6 different types of medications both non-stimulants and stimulants and nothing really does anything. I’m currently on the max dose twice daily of adderall (30 mg BID) so as a 4’10 100 lb girl, I should be cracked out but it barely touches me. I can literally take 30 mg and take a nap. No doctor has ever been able to give me a real reason why this happens to me despite my sister and parents being able to take the same things and it affects them so I don’t think it’s genetic and I don’t have a crazy metabolism or anything (it’s been checked) so I’m turning to Reddit lol. Please help or give some insight!!!

Article: I (23M, 162lbs, 5'11) have been having a lot of problems. I've tried to come up with a comprehensive timeline of my symptoms:
  

SEP 16(?)Started hearing very minor Tinnitus, over the week it gets louder. At some later point (weeks later, unsure of exact date, I start feeling pressure in my left ear as well.)SEP 26 I have a panic attack after having acid reflux making it seem hard to breathe when I went to bed, go to Emergency Room, where I get my vitals read and an X-Ray of my chest. The doctors told me everything as completely normal and sent me home. Might be unrelated.SEP 27Go to Urgent Care, doc checks my ears, tells me there's redness and swelling in both, prescribes me ear-dropsOCT 7My Tinnitus spikes after I accidentally enter a very loud area, changing its pitch and toneOCT 14I go to Urgent Care and the doctor prescribes me Montelukast and Fluticasone nasal sprayOCT 29I notice black floaters for the first time while at a soccer game where the sun is very bright. They gradually got more frequent and larger in numbers throughout the week. I also noticed that my eyes were forming more red veins than usual. (consistent red veins that do not go away or change)NOV 3After waking up from a short nap, the vision in my right eye was about 60% blurry for 45 minutes before eventually returning to normal vision. As well, I have a strange feeling in my right eye as if I can feel the inside of my eye socket. I went to the ER and they told me it was nothing serious after doing an eye exam and ultrasound. Doctor recommended that I take lubricating eye dropsNOV 5A feeling of "pressure" coming from my ear that made it feel like the inside of my head was "pressurizing(?" every time I burped in a certain way(kind of like a hiccup-type burp). As well as a headache. At some point, I also noticed that bright lights are particularly bothersome to me now.)NOV 7Slightly blurry vision when I woke up & migraine in the back of my neck that spread into my forehead.NOV 9Start hearing more crackling/popping in both ears and a feeling of being unable to clear pressure from ears. Went to Urgent Care, doc tells me the ear infection is gone. Recommends Sudafed as a decongestantNOV 11I wake up with an extremely stiff neck and sore upper arm/shoulder muscles. These symptoms maintain until the end of the day. As well, my eyes start getting more bloodshot than before, showing a red patch just next to my irisNOV 12I wake up and still have stiff/sore upper arms, although my neck feels normal. Bloodshot eyes are a little better now.NOV 13Woke up and still have sore arms, although it seems marginally better than yesterday. My lips are also particularly dry now. I also feel soreness in my lower back/tailbone and legs later on in the day.As of now, I have Tinnitus, crackling in my ears whenever I shift my face muscles, black floaters in my eyes that vary in number & severity day-to-day, bloodshot eyes, "warm, slight burning" yet non-painful sensation in eyes, unexplained muscle soreness, frequent headaches, light sensitivity.


    I'm so exhausted. I thought lifelong Tinnitus was the end of it but now it feels like my entire body is breaking down and ER/Urgent Care doctors aren't doing shit for me. To make matters worse, due to my own incompetence, I didn't have insurance when all this started. Medi-Cal (I'm in California FYI) took a month to get approved and didn't inform me that I had to choose a primary plan until weeks later, meaning I can't really go to any primary care doctors until I get approved AGAIN. my only options right now are Urgent Cares and ERs. Please someone tell me what to do because I don't know if I'm slowly dying or if I'm just overreacting and giving myself needless anxiety. Googling my symptoms leads me to a million different answers ranging from life threatening to not a big deal. I'd appreciate anyone who has the time.

Article: 21 female with pre existing medical issues
  
    Uh so, I’m a bit concerned bc I genuinely have a high pain tolerance and have never had any soreness from vaccines before, past the first hour. However, today I got my first dose of the menB vaccine and I was fine for a few hours but now my arm is hurting SO bad bruh, like not just in the area that the vaccine was administered but my entire arm, it’s not soreness it’s like a deep in the bone throbbing pain sensation. I did just have a different vaccine in the same arm four days ago, so I’m not sure if that could’ve affected it but the area isn’t even swollen, I’m confused.

Article: 36FHeight: 5’6”Weight: 115 (pre-pregnancy was 135)Posting here with the hope that maybe someone will shine some light on what’s going on.
  
    In July 2019 I got a concussion and in August of the same year I discontinued use of birth control (Levora) after approximately 10 years on it. I mention these two things because they are “markers” for me of things that happened before the rest started happening. During this time I was drinking a lot, approximately 3-4 bottles of wine a week. One month after stopping birth control I had my first “panic attack”. At the time I was clueless as to why it happened, but looking back it seems like it may have been triggered by not eating enough. The next one came months later and then picked up in frequency throughout 2020.
  
    I assumed alcohol was behind this and stopped drinking in fall of 2020. I didn’t have any panic attacks for the first month without alcohol, but after that month mark the attacks came back with such an intensity that I was having one every day for that next month, which finally ended up with a trip to the ER, during which they didn’t find any cause and sent me home with a scrip for hydroxyzine.
  
    My PCP kindly referred me to a cardiologist and they did the EKG, echo, and a 14 day Holter, all of which came back fine. I went on to get pregnant the month after this and thought that the panic attack I had that sent me to the ER was it.
  
    Pregnancy was great, a few bouts of dizziness (feeling like I may pass out which was similar to the beginning of my panic attacks). Postpartum was even really good. Symptoms started to come back a little bit around when my period did at 10 months PP. I could deal with the feeling off, weak, exhausted (parenthood and breastfeeding), but this March I had my first full blown panic attack in over 2 years, yet again with no trigger I could pinpoint.
  
    These attacks have continued since that point, varying in frequency and increasing likelihood during the week before and the week of my period, with a large uptick the past 3 months which I realize may have something to do with not eating enough without realizing it, and that does seem to have remedied it a little bit.
  
    But today I had one at work, out of absolutely nowhere, and I thought I was actually going to pass out. I managed to drink some water and eat some trail mix and pull myself out of it, but it sucked. Some days I feel ok and other days I feel like I’m going to crawl out of my skin.
  
    I have anxiety, and also OCD. But this is purely physical. The only condition I’ve been diagnosed with is Raynaud’s, which was verified by a vascular specialist I saw. My blood work has all been normal, with the exception of a little low Vitamin D which I’m taking 1,000 a day for. Also taking prenatals because I am still breastfeeding my 23 month old twice a day (weaning soon). I have continued to lose weight very unintentionally.
  
    My primary has been good about running tests and such, and gave me a referral to a reputable hospital program to investigate potential autoimmune or other causes. I was a little hesitant because I know it will be expensive but at this point I’m lost.
  
    Outline of symptoms and relevant blood work-Twitching/pulsing after exercise-Tight chest-Lightheaded, vision a little dark when standing sometimes-dry eyes-Symptoms worsen prior to and during period-Waking after being asleep briefly with feeling of intense anxiety and tight chest-upper abdomen -I can feel (?) my digestion? It feels like moving and dropping and shifting in my lower…system, but not painful-on an X-ray I had for a hip issue this year my doctor noted that I had a lot of stool showing on my x ray noted that may be causing me issues-bowel movements everyday, but when I don’t have a satisfactory one or go one day, the following day is often multiple bowel movements with very long feces. I seem to feel better the more empty I am, in that sense.-regularly gassy-Temperature regulation issues, usually very cold, but when hot very hot
  
    A1C is normal, fasting glucose is normal and I even bought a cheap meter to check periodically and nothing remarkable has shown on there either.
  
    July 2023Vit D 25 Hydroxy - 25.0 mlIron - 148 ug/dL
  
    March 2023Thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin - .10T3 Total - 105.20ng/dLTSH - 1.48T4 Total - 8.2 mcg/dLANA NegativeSed rate - 0Rheumatoid factor <10
  
    Symptoms are worse when not eating regularly, when eating high carb, not drinking enough water, when tired, or when fluctuating in menstrual cycle. It feels like it is pertaining to fluctuations in blood sugar but it doesn’t show in the numbers. Also feels a like it’s potentially hormonal. I understand that my fixations on this and my anxiety aren’t helping the situation, but I just want to feel normal again and not like my body is shutting down or I’m going crazy.
  
    Any suggestions or ideas? Explanations as to why these issues mostly went away during pregnancy and first months of post partum?Any insight is appreciated.
  
    ETA: Formatting

Article: I’m 21F, got a blood test done bc I had to be in the hospital for mental health. They discharged me and told me I have high platelets then I looked at it said 563 😭 now I feel like I’m going to die. I’m quite sure I have a yeast infection or Bv though I’m waiting on the results, but it says online this is a indicator of cancer vs like infection or something. What do you guys think?

Article: i’m a 21m who’s very concerned about cancer i’m 6ft 130 pounds i do not smoke or drink and i do not take any medications for anything there is mo family history of colon cancer as far as i know the symptoms i’ve experienced are as follows
  
    stuffy nose for months
  
    random stomach pains after a bowel movement and sometimes before
  
    my stools aren’t one solid color there’s multiple colors in them i’ve even seen blue in it before
  
    i saw what i believe to be blood a couple times
  
    the stool doesn’t fully come out it gets stuck
  
    i’ve been to the doctor and he did a rectal exam and a cbc everything was normal he said but the fact that my stools are never one solid color really concerns me please let me know if i should be concerned and if this sounds like cancer thank you

Article: 27F BMI17
  
    History: earlier periods, mild spotting and mild pain. to note, I have taken 5 plan Bs in the past five years and an emergency IUD. for the past 2 years I have removed the IUD and abstained from all sexual activities. Pap and STD negative.
  
    Dec 2022 - nothing abnormal
  
    June 2023 - 8mm “lesion” in endometrium
  
    November 2024 - 1cm “lesion” in endometrium
  
    The reports are attached (photo). https://imgur.com/a/bB4xMcn

    Is this worrisome for CANCER?
  
    I will see an OBGYN next week. However I wanted some advice.
  
    Should I get a biopsy (very scared for this because I have had bad experiences previously with IUD insertion)?

Article: I am 38 year old male that lives a pretty healthy and active lifestyle (5’10” and 190lbs). Last year it was discovered that I had prediabetes and early CKD. The doc said that my proteinuria resembled that of someone that had diabetic stress for many years. This was a shock to me and my doctor as I am pretty health conscious. We agreed to control with diet and exercise and I was able to get A1C down to 5.4. Kidney levels remain elevated. Creatinine at 1.31 and eGFR at 71
  
    Over the last 6 weeks I have been experiencing abdominal pain that seemed to be caused by excess gas and acid. I was sent to ER due to elevated Lipase levels (113) the ER took a CT Scan of abdomen and found all to be normal aside from a build up of stool. (Lipase level was also w/in ER range at 99). I since got an MRI which found nothing anomalous.
  
    I was able to get more regular and clear stool build up with Miralax but now my stool has a shiny sheen to it when I wipe (normal color and scent) The abdominal pain has progressed to loss of appetite and waves of extreme fatigue. Right now I feel like I live at 70-80% and crash to 40-50% where it’s tough to even get up, I feel easily winded and my arms feel heavy. This typically happens around lunch time. I also recently had a couple nights of night sweats and never feel rested when I wake up. My Garmin has said that my HRV has crashed to mid 40s since end of September (not sure how accurate this is but low levels after always having normal levels has me concerned).
  
    I’ve started to see a GI Specialist but we can’t seem to figure out what this is. Based on past blood work taken 2 weeks ago and scans he doesn’t think it’s anemia, blood cancers Pancreatic Cancer or lymphoma. We have ordered CA19-9 (for my own piece of mind), Lipase (to trend and make sure it’s not still raised) and Liver Labs and awaiting results but I am struggling with the slow process, restless nights and tired of not being myself. I really need help in pinpointing what could be going on or what additional tests to order.
  
    Thanks in advance for any help or suggestions this community can provide.

Article: I’ve had a swollen lymph node for about 8 months now and it’s of course, causing me to panic. I have no other symptoms of anything else and haven’t been sick. I had an ultrasound back in April and it came back completely normal. I had it done again last week because of my concern. Apparently it came back non-concerning and My docs are blowing it off but told me to follow up with a hematologist if I am still concerned. Can anyone make sense of these results?
  
    “Right neck lymph node corresponding to the area of palpable abnormality measuring 8x3x6 mm. It has a reniform shape however fatty hilum not clearly visualized. Ultrasound follow up may be obtained as clinically indicated”.
  
    I am 35, weight 100 lbs and a smoker. Thank you for your help!

Article: Hey folks, thanks for reading.
  
    To be honest I feel like I'm going mad with fatigue, so I'm just going to  throw everything out there and see if anyone has any thoughts. For nearly a year now I've been having trouble with chronic head pain. Every single day, 20-60 times per day, feeling like a hot needle is being pressed through my head or eye into the top-back of my neck. These typically last 5-10 seconds, but at the extreme go from 0.5-90 seconds.  At various points I've kept diaries of symptoms cross referenced with everything my GP could think of for me to track, and there's not been any correlations found. I've had a CT scan and extensive eye tests all come back all clear, but over the months my symptoms have been getting weirder and more intense.
  
    Over the months I've started getting intense visual aura and similar symptoms, now effecting me most days. Shadows across my vision, floating black dots, kaleidoscope effects, sensitivity to light and more. I have also collapsed now on several occasions, including a few events with convulsions and intense confusion that have been flagged as potential seizures. The fatigue and overall weakness are also intense, and now I've started to have trouble with my short term memory and sometimes struggle to find the words to finish my sentences.
  
    My GP has tried me on several anti-migraine meds which have had no effect, and I'm now on a high dose of several painkillers which have been partially effective at treating the light-sensitivity induced pain, but don't touch the pain spikes. I don't drink much - maybe half a bottle of wine once or twice a month - and don't smoke  or do any other drugs. My BMI, bloods, blood pressure, and every other basic intake test at the hospital have all come back as clear.
  
    I'm in the UK and on a waiting list to see a neurologist, but we're expecting it to be a long wait. Any thoughts on what could be happening or tips for symptom management would be hugely appreciated.

Article: F(21) I just take some mood stabilizers and occasionally drink, recently stopped smoking cannabis, but I've gotten this kinda bump before on my armpits but never down there. It's just like a swollen lump and when I would squeezethem they would pop like a pimple. Little pus and blood would come out but after a few days or weeks it would go away. When the same type of lump started forming in between my leg and vagina, I decided not to mess with it but ,of course, I started messing with it and it popped. I'm just wondering what are these bumps and how can I avoid getting them? I'm assuming it's from sweat build up and stuff cause armpits and the down below area rub against each other and sweat a lot. Any ideas?

Article: I have been having chronic neck pain and had a MVA recently with the below information on the CT report. My info: age 46, sex F, height 4'11", 90 pounds, Caucasian, no smoking , no drinking, no drugs. I'm prescribed Tylenol 3 once daily, cymbalta once daily. Below is copied from the CT report please decipher what this means is wrong with my neck as I try to find the right treatment.
  
    Occipital condyles appear intact. Atlantooccipital joint appears congruent.
  
    There is a rightward curvature of the cervical spine which has been present dating back to 2008. There is asymmetry of the odontoid process with respect to the C1 lateral masses which is favored to be chronic.
  
    Vertebral body heights are relatively maintained.
  
    Well – corticated lucency through the C6 spinous process appears chronic.
  
    The right C3 articular pillar and right C3 lamina appear congenitally absent.
  
    A prominent congenitally enlarged right C2 articular pillar is articulating with the right C4 articular pillar with severe arthropathy at the articulation of the C2 and C4 articular pillars.
  
    Multilevel cervical spondylosis including facet and uncovertebral degenerative changes most prominent at C2 – C3 on the right. Mild neural foraminal narrowing at C3 – C4 on the left.
  
    Atelectasis is noted in the lung apices.

Article: I will post pic in comments I wore a handbag with a cheap metal chain and the next day i had this itchy sore rash appear. I have had it before on my tummy also. 30 years old. Female. Non smoker. Not overweight. Many thanks

Article: I'm 22F, 5'1 and 164 pounds. On the chubbier side, extremely hard for me to lose weight. I feel weak and sleepy all the time. Recently went to my endocrinologist to get blood work because my primary said my t4 levels were low. Recently got the test results back from the endocrinologist and everything was okay except my globulin which is at a 12. The range is 17-124. I just don't know what could explain my constantly shedding of hair and not normal. My periods are occasionally irregular and painful. I do have a vitamin deficiency but it's not crazy according to the endocrinologist I've been taking d3. Also I'm on 50mg of spiro twice a day because of my acne and hair loss. My dermatologist from a while ago looked at my hair and acne and said oh u have high androgens. It helped my acne alot and I think my hair. But suddenly my hair shedding like crazy again. So I'm just like wtf at this point.

Article: Just found out family member had DNR and none of us signed for it or agreed to it. This is in ON Canada. We had it switched of course but wonder the legal implications and process behind it. Is it mandatory for one ours us to sign for it? I have always thought we need to. 45M can they manipulate us verbally to “verbally agreeing”?

Article: Hello! I’m 32F. I’ve been really sick for the past two weeks with a bad cold/flu- I haven’t had a fever as far as I know, it’s been mostly sinus/throat/cough/fatigue/nausea. Yesterday, I developed this weird really tender, really itchy patch on my nose between my eyes (photo will be linked in comments). It’s so tender to the touch that I almost thought it would turn into a black eye overnight, but it hasn’t. I thought maybe I had bruised myself from blowing my nose so much for two weeks, but I’m just very unsure, and now kind of worrying myself. I am having nausea, swollen lymph nodes, sore/tender sides of face as well, but I was kind of having mild symptoms of those already, so it’s hard to tell if they’ve gotten worse with this. Can anyone shed light on what might be causing this, or if it’s worth worrying over? I haven’t bumped/hit it, no new or different foods or meds, nothing different. Thank you in advance! Edited to add: it hurts more when I bend over, not sure if that’s relevant.

Article: I'm 24yo female with 2 kids. After my second I have no energy, waking up daily with a headache, fast heart beats, constantly out of breathe and feel like I'm failing my kids. I cannot complete household tasks or chores without feeling like I ran a marathon. Got lab work and the 2 things that were high were my MPV levels 11.8 and Anion Gap 13 my NP suggested we monitor my heart for 7 days and start on a beta blocker like propranolol for the headaches. I just have a gut feeling it's something more... I just don't know where to start. Should I wait to see if this works or push for more testing?

Article: I (40F 5ft7in 75kg) have been troubled with a clicking/grinding throat when swallowing for the past 3 months. It feels like bone rubbing against bone. It has greatly affected me mentally and physically as it is 24/7 discomfort and pain. Doctors do not know what is wrong with me but ENT suspects elongated hyoid bone. I had a CT scan and I also noticed there is marked uneven ossification of my thyroid cartilage in the exact location of the click. Could this be causing my clicking? I will be seeing yet another specialist soon but wanted some opinions whether or not I should bring this up with the ENT. I would love anyone with any radiology experience to note their opinion. Thank you for any assistance.

Article: What's the best relief back pain? I don't do drugs or alcohol. I do take Tyronal every once in a while but doesn't help much. The back pain is comes up when I stand in one place to long like when doing dishes.

Article: 32F, smoker (cigarettes and marijuana)
  
    I got an MRI scan and when I went to discuss the results they told me there was nothing significant but it shows that I have migraines. On the report it says “few scattered foci of T2/FLAIR signal hyperintensities in the cerebral white matter, nonspecific but can be seen in the setting of migraine related changes.” I don’t think I’ve ever had a migraine unless my understanding of what a migraine is is wrong. Almost all of my headaches are ice pick headaches so they are super short. Every once in a while I get one that lasts an hour, maybe two hours tops. So I’m wondering what else could it mean? The doctor I spoke to wasn’t my regular PCP it was someone else from there because he was out so we didn’t have a very detailed conversation about it.
  
    Thanks!

Article: It's a moderate sharp pain that only hurts if I use it walking upstairs/hills, sitting cross legged, or push on it. If I walk up even a slight incline it really hurts.
  
    If I walk on flat land, downstairs or even bike ride it doesn't hurt.
  
    I did fall off my bike 4 months ago and my hip hit the cement but it wasn't that hard of a fall. It mostly only starting hurting a lot in the last 2 months so it might not even be related.

Article: F21 take propranolol for tremor and migraine
  
    Am getting sinus balloon surgery tomorrow and have been give lorazepam to take before the surgery to sedate me on top of the numbing. They said I will also take a Benadryl with the lorazepam and then after the surgery I am supposed to take Hydrocodone I was prescribed from my previous surgery and go home. The pharmacist said it should be ok under supervision but I forgot to tell him I have very mild sleep apnea and I don’t even take melatonin because of it. I also technically won’t be under supervision since I’ll be going home. I was wondering if I should just push to take a Tylenol instead and wait until the next day before taking a norco

Article: Hello everyone, I’m 16 years old and just gotten a blood test done. I have no history of fainting during blood work except that one time where I started heavy breathing due to not eating any food that day.
  
    Today I got a blood test and everything was fine, I’m not scared of blood or needles, and once it was done I was ready to go. 1 minute later I’m sitting on the chair and my eyes start to drift, I start hallucinating colours and the heavy breathing begins. I didn’t think much of it since it happened before and I thought if I asked my doctor for some water and cookies I would be fine. However when she left to get water, I remember my head feeling heavy so I leaned against the wall, seconds later I remember waking up to multiple people shaking me, my mom was crying and it felt like I had just woken up. Apparently I was unresponsive for 2-3 minutes and was shaking uncontrollably and sweating like crazy. Oh and my BP went from an 90 - 108 I think.
  
    I was rushed to the ER and got more blood work and tests done (that was so cruel), everything came out fine. Doctors said it was normal for this to happen and denied me a neurology test even though my family doctor specifically requested for one, so I’m still scared since I have no history of fainting. Is it because I didn’t eat breakfast? How do I know it’s not a seizure? now I feel extremely tired, nauseous and weak. Also I remember my doctor using the term vasovagal and IMP, what does that mean?

Article: Hi all, ive had a sore throat for a few days and had a throat culture done and the results are above. The doctors at urgent care said this has never showed up in a throat culture before and i am absolutely hysterical. I actually started feeling better before the throat culture came back positive.
  
    I got put on cefdinir but am constantly anxious i will die per google. Anyone know why this was in my throat or how serious this is??
  
    24yo female, works at elementary school, only diagnosis is asthma

Article: I have had muscle cramps all my life and have never seen or heard anyone have them as often or as bad as me. I’m now 25, workout 5 days a week and cramp almost every time. I drink water more than 90% of people even people who also go to the gym. I do not eat a crazy amount but I know there’s people who eat and drink less and don’t get cramps really. Growing up around the age of 12-14 I was playing baseball every weekend. In pretty good shape for my age and would drink about 2-4 Liter size bottles of water between 2 games on weekends. I ate more then and drank more then yet in the middle of a game, running base to base, I would have a calf cramp and just about fall out at least once every weekend. Doctors say it’s just muscle fatigue but I have had it happen so frequently in my whole life it’s hard to believe. I can even feel when I’m about to get one and usually prevent it. I’ve tried potassium, magnesium, drinking over a gallon a day, taking vitamins. And they still happen all the time. If they are just cause by muscle fatigue is there a reason it happens more frequently to me. Is there some secret nutrient I can take to help. I’ve also had my blood tested and everything came back normal. Growing up (and even now) I know there were kids on m6 same team eating less or even more unhealthy, barely drinking water, and running/going just as hard as me and yet they never got cramps and I look like a psycho cramping up every other game. Also forgot to mention that I cramp in every spot imaginable. My neck my toes my thighs my biceps etc etc. still wake up in the middle of the night with my toes full cramped or if I go to stretch in the middle of the night and just slightly flex my biceps they cramp up.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: 19M, Hi, I recently started Vaping and can see the Epiglottis at the back of my throat, I can also kind of feel it. It also looks like at the back of my throat is bleeding and I can taste blood, should I be worried?

Article: 20M, 6'3, 195lbs, no medications, no major health problems. Getting tests regarding chest muscle pains.
  
    I got an ECG test, the kind with the electrod pads, and I was left in the room to take them off on my own.
  
    I missed two on the left side right on the chest, and proceeded into the xray room.
  
    I got my xray, had dinner and just now while relaxing felt them and took them off.
  
    Will this be a problem? Will it ruin the xray? Will I get mega-duper radiation exposure? They seem to be solid metal conductors.
  
    Yeesh.

Article: 36 year old female, 5’2” 106lbs.
  
    My symptoms started on Thursday with what felt like pressure in my forehead, eyebrows and my sinuses. It kind of felt like I had really dry inflamed sinuses that were putting pressure above my eyes and on my eyelids that made my eyes feel heavy. My eyes felt slightly dry nothing too crazy but enough to think maybe some eyedrops and a Sudafed would help. I did both and a few hours later I had a severely dry mouth. I chalked this up to a reaction to the Sudafed even though I haven’t had one from before. I drank a lot of water and went to bed. The dry mouth has persisted now for several days and I’m not sure if it’s because I’m hyper focusing on it since I do suffer from anxiety. My eyes intermittently feel very dry but it’s not so bad that I’m constantly needing eyedrops. The heavy pressure above my eyes is still there and kind of feels like a tight band above my forehead. I’m wondering if this is possible to just have some kind of acute sinus infection that is causing my sinuses to be really dry, or something else. Of course, when you search dry eyes and mouth, it comes up with sojourn syndrome which just feels highly unlikely, since I have no other symptoms and it came on pretty rapidly. All of this started after two months of high stress and anxiety due to a tragedy in our family. In these few days I’ve hydrated very well and used eye drops/mouth wetting gels to help. When I get the sensation of dry eyes it feels almost when my anxiety is kicking up from concentrating on it and eye drops don’t offer much relief. What could this be?

Article: Hi! This question revolves around blood test results for two of my children, 2F and 1M, but I will include relevant medical history for the rest of the family.
  
The main things I'm looking for are if this is something to explore, what questions I should be asking, and to whom. We have a great pediatrician who has seen all of our kids since birth; I love to come in with my research done and questions prepared to make the most of our appointments. When you get to our 3-year-old, I think you'll understand why. :)
  
    General relevant information:
  


    My 5F was diagnosed with celiac disease in October 2023 so the other 3 had celiac panels done as well. 3M had everything come back as normal, but 2F and 1M had high IgG and normal everything else. The pediatric GI dismissed them as likely having sugar malabsorption at their appointment but I am not particularly satisfied with that answer.
  


    Our family diet is gluten-free with an 80/20 approach to whole foods vs. processed, avoiding numbered dyes and added sugars as much as possible. Aside from celiac, there are no known food allergies/intolerances.
  


    About the 2F:
  


    celiac panel was done at 28 months, DGP IgG was 23.4, all others >1
  


    symptoms include a large disproportionate belly that went down after switching to a GF diet, stools 1-2x daily (sometimes 3 on bad days) that are usually a 5 or 6 on the Bristol scale, and so much irritability. She does occasionally state that her tummy hurts, but unsure if this is an accurate statement or a learned gestalt.
  


    she is petite but stays on her growth curve for height and weight, excellent eater of a variety of foods
  


    About the 1M:
  


    celiac panel was done at 11 months, DGP IgG was 107.2 and all others were >1.
  


    symptoms include stools that are a 5 or 6 on the Bristol scale, 1-2x daily. Sometimes 3 on bad days. Excellent disposition but does sometimes have days of just crying.
  


    he has been breastfed since birth and began regular table foods (baby-led weaning) at 6 months. Also petite, as the whole family is, but stays on his growth curve. Excellent eater of a variety of foods.
  


    About the others:
  


    5F was diagnosed with celiac in October 2023 based on blood test results only, no scope. (DGP IgA 49.7, DGP IgG 20.7, tTg IgA >250, tTg IgG 201.20) She has not done the next set of labs yet but does have several follow-ups ordered. Symptoms included intermittent stomach pain particularly after meals, urgent bowel movements that frequently result in accidents then UTIs, irritability, and itchiness. Symptoms are abating after going 100% gluten-free. She has autism. She has not had any genetic workups yet.
  


    3M is our medical whammy. He has truncus arteriosus with 3 OHSs and a mechanical heart valve, asymmetrical crying face, and congenital hypothyroidism that seemed to resolve by age 3 but was treated with levothyroxine. He had a full genetic panel after birth that did not indicate 22q or any other genetic causes, but he is a carrier for something random that I would have to look up again. He sees about a million people, most of those don't seem relevant to this but I am happy to share if needed.
  


    My husband/their dad (29M) has Hashimoto's and autism. He did 23&me which did not indicate the typical celiac gene mutations. His celiac panel came back as normal. His parents aren't big on "diagnosing" and "doctors" and "big pharma" so his medical journey has primarily been as an adult. His mother has type 2 diabetes which is controlled with diet and exercise.
  


    I (28F) don't have any of those things. I am exploring food intolerances for myself. I did have an unexplained full-term stillbirth of our first son in 2018. I developed preeclampsia in 1 pregnancy and gestational diabetes in 3 pregnancies but do not currently have high blood pressure or diabetes. No (known) family history of autoimmune disorders.
  


    My first thought would be to explore food allergies/intolerances or autoimmune issues given the test results and family history, but I could be making a mountain out of a molehill. Or, as I've experienced with the others, thinking of a boulder as a pebble.
  
    Thank you for any guidance you can give, r/AskDocs!

Article: Hi, I want to state I am very pro vaccine, this is my 4th covid vaccine  and I'll get a 5th later when I need too, I do not want any anti vaccine stuff in the post not what I'm asking. I am pro vaccine and nothing will change my mind.
  
    But, I just need to know if this is a normal response. I got my 4th dose yesterday, I got a moderna and my heart rate is going so fast. I take RITALIN too which may have made it
  
    Before, when I was lifting a bag of dog food my heart got up to 170, then stayed ar 140 for ages now it's at around 115. When should I be concerned? I am coincidentally going to my GP in about 4 hours. Is this ER worthy or wait for my GP appointment?

Article: Hello,
  
    Female, 32, Europe, 5'11, 175lbs (lost about 90 lbs the last 5 years)
  
    Today I stood in the kitchen and felt exhausted. Took my pulse and it was 130. I lied down and 10 secons later had 70. Stood up again and felt the heart pounding at 149.
  
    Is that normal between position changes, is that POTS or what is happening?
  
    (Currently I get little movement cause home office is intense. But I try to implement stretching and walking as much as I can)

Article: Hi! 25F here, 120lbs, 5’6, currently on Fluoxetine. I’ve had this random bump appear on my outer thigh that I once thought was a pimple but it’s been around for 3 months now and it doesn’t seem poppable and it hasn’t gone away in the slightest. It’s the only one I’ve seen on my body, it’s by itself. No pain whatsoever and the size has practically stayed the same since I first noticed. Is this a wart? Are there over the counter creams I could try to get rid of it? Should I just go to a dermatologist? Please help!
  
https://ibb.co/VWWxvcM

Article: My dad (53M, no health problems/diseases, Samoan, 6’4 300lbs) had a scab he picked last night and inside there’s some tiny black skin that is attached to the flesh. He cleaned it out but the black part is still there. He says the black part hurts a little when you touch it. What do you think it is? I think Spider bite ? He disagrees.
  
    He’s an immigrant, no insurance, any help is appreciated. Here’s a photo it’s not gross btw

Article: This summer I (m15) had a super sharp pain in my chest when inhaling deep, I thought it was nothing but it kept going on.
  
    It went on for about 2 weeks id say before when I was at a dinner and I played football with my cousin when I got out of breath and I got a super hard and shark feeling in my side and back, I just laid on the ground and couldn’t move it hurt so bad. I eventually stood up and went inside bending over cause it hurt so bad. I laid down on the couch super slow and I was tearing up.
  
    Later we drove home and I was surprised I even got myself inside, I laid down on the bed and didn’t move it hurt so bad at this point but at that point it started.
  
    I got cold sweated and started panicking, it felt like I couldn’t breathe, I got scared and started trying to yell for my mom, I couldn’t yell cause it hurt to breathe both out and in. Eventually I called her down on my phone and she helped me sit up, when I sat up it felt like I was sinking into my body, my eyes started getting dizzy and my vision started getting black.
  
    Even though all this we didn’t call an ambulance, I just laid back slowly and tried to sleep which I eventually did. In the day we drove to the hospital and they did a scan on me which showed I had a collapsed lung and they immediately had emergency surgery.
  
    Luckily I lived on another day and I’m asking doctors if I was close to dying or if I could live a few more days lol.

Article: 26 year old female, 5’2 200lbs, history of PCOS Propanolol 60mg XR, Trazodone 50mg, Buspirone 30mg twice daily, Hydroxyzine 50mg PRN. I found out I am pregnant today, 9 days post ovulation. I currently live in the states and do not have insurance so I need to apply. Do any of my medications need to be stopped immediately or should I start cutting doses?

Article: Age 30
  
    Sex Male
  
    Height 5’11
  
    Weight 164
  
    Race White
  
    Duration of complaint
  
    Location US
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues Anxiety?
  
    Current medications None
  
    Include a photo if relevant
  
    Hey there, I hope I am posting in accordance with sub guidelines. I will do my best to give a brief explanation of my question. So, I have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety which I think is important information here. I literally journal my vitals everyday. BP, O2, Weigh, Body Fat etc.. My recent bloodwork shows normal levels across the board and my blood pressure levels tend to be in a normal range consistently. However when I went to the cardiologist it never came up and I forgot to ask my at home Oximeter gives me a Pi index of 1-15% but constantly on the lower end. I’m not sure if I should schedule another appointment or what but it’s just concerning that I have consistently low readings. Please let me know if I am missing any info and thanks for reading.

Article: I took terbinafine and am currently taking griseofulvin. Will these affect a trichomoniasis urine test?
  
    Male 25, 5'9. 135 pounds. Medications: Terbinafine, griseofulvin

Article: Male (25) 51kg Iwas sleeping and I rotated to the other side and when I turned a sharp pain in the lower back started, I lost it and freaked out I couldn’t bend at all or standing up was even more painful, I’m laying now and I think pain is getting better but extremely slow and I still can’t rotate easily I have to be very careful, I’m freaking out, my bf is sleeping I don’t want to freak him out too but should I go hospital RIGHT NOW ! or wait till morning to see if pain goes away. Is it possible I dislocated any bone or something. PLEASE HELP !

Article: I’m 31F. I’ve taken fluoxetine daily for almost ten years. I don’t smoke or use any substances, aside from occasional drinking maybe three times per month. All of my blood work from my last annual visit in September was completely normal.
  
    About two years ago, I had my first migraine with aura. I started seeing a c-shape with a sort of zig-zag quality, which grew for about 20 minutes, until it went away and I developed a horrible migraine.
  
    Since then, I have had about 10, two of which were in the last month. The pattern is always the same. I suspect bright light might be a trigger.
  
    I brought this up during my last annual visit, and my doctor only mentioned avoiding hormonal birth control, which I haven’t taken in years anyway, due to a link between migraine aura, hormonal birth control, and stroke.
  
    Should I be worried about what seems like a sudden onset of migraines? I never had migraines before the age of 29 at all.
  
    Thank you!

Article: 30 year old female.
  
    For the past two or three years, I often have elevated liver enzymes. I am a normal height and weight (5'3, 112lbs), take no medications, has never drank alcohol,  and only take vitamin d supplements.
  
    For some reason, my enzymes are always somewhat elevated. For example, last month was 48 AST, in august, it was 54 AST, but there have been times where where it was as high as 70. My ALT is typically normal but occasionally elevated as well, such as having a result of 37 AST and 66 ALT in 12/21.
  
    My doctor has been concerned and has taken many precautions with me (which I appreciate). I have had liver ultrasounds and mris, and my liver has been fine. Not fatty, or anything else of note. All that was found were some gallbladder polyps that have been small and stable. I have no symptoms of note.
  
    I was also checked for Wilson's disease, but was given the all clear from a gastroenterologist. If its worth mentioning,  my ceruloplasmin was 18 in 1/22 and  23 in 7/22, last checked.
  
    If anyone has any insight into this, it would be greatly appreciated. I can provide more info if needed. My doctor is always worried about this, and while I do appreciate her concern very much, it also stresses me out....  Thank you so much in advance.

Article: I am 16M 160lbs Ive been experiencing this for a long time, the earliest I remember was about 4 years ago. I’ve been having what feels like brief sudden electricity zaps in my brain that go stop after a couple seconds, sometimes they go on for a bit longer. mostly on one side but it happens on the other occasionally. After it happens I begin to feel sweaty and hot and my heart starts beating faster.  And I get a small tiny headache not really noticeable if I ig Note it. Usually I’ve found that taking deep breaths helps calm it down. I’ve tried to find what they could be but to no avail. I’m not on any medication nor have I gotten off any long term prescription drugs recently. I did get a minor concussion when I was abt 8 idk if that helps

Article: F25, 115 lbs, long history of anxiety disorder, not an illegal drug user. My pharmacist and nurse assistant were unable to help me with my situation...
  
    My psychiatrist recently bumped up my Buspar dosage to 60mg from 40mg. Ever since taking this new dose, I've had a mild headache and my anxiety has increased. I have also started feeling slightly paranoid?
  
    Is it possible that I have serotonin syndrome, even a mild form of it? Should I simply go back to the old dose of Buspar? Do I need to go to urgent care or ER as my psychiatrist and primary doctor are booked for a while?

Article: Hi im a 14F 5'3 127lbs No medical conditions except anxiety and im on my MC rn
  
    Today i came uo with cold like symptoms. Headache,Bad bodyaches with no fever.
  
    This weekend on friday, thought i had a kidney infection or appendicitis because of right sided pain on my tummy aswell as back . No uti at all. Went to the fair yhe samw day and went to the fair. It was cold and raining and i had no hoody. That night i cracked my neck and thiught i had a dissection on my neck. I did not btw. Looknat my old posts but woke up on saturday with my Menstrual cycle and on sunday you can look at my old post from yesterday and today.
  
    I am wondering if i had a unknown kidney infection and i have sepsis now or the more reasonable case is that i got a cold from someone who was sick yesterday.
  
    I am taking medicine for flu and cold but idk if it has to do with my MC but i never had these symptoms with it.
  
    Its 5:10am and im having bad upper back painehwre my lungs are

Article: Vertigo/anxiety is really bad.
  
    I have not been getting good sleep all weekend, and then had to get on a plane from New York to Milwaukee this morning. I had a small panic attack on the plane and ever since I got home I’ve been having extremely unbearable vertigo. I can’t keep my eyes open without getting dizzy and wanting to throw up, when I close my eyes I just hear a static-like noise and feels like I have the spins. I’ve been drinking water and eating as healthy and normal as possible and it isn’t doing anything. I get these punches  every 15 seconds of dizziness and feeling that I’m about to faint. I’ve taken Dramamine today two times and seems to do nothing. I have to work in the morning and trying so hard to feel better but I just am not. I’ve been laying in bed under a weighted blanket and relaxing literally all day and I just don’t know what to do. I have crap health insurance so I don’t want to go to urgent care unless I absolutely need to or know they will give me something that will help- if there is anything the hospital can do? Need advice please :(

Article: I am 33F diagnosed with abdominal wall endometriosis. For treatment I have had a many rounds of different types of birth control, 2 rounds of Lupron and a few different surgeries. The most serious was a full hysterectomy (uterus, cervix,  fallopian tubes and left ovary were removed). They left my right ovary because I was 27 at the time and they thought I needed it. Unfortunately I am still dealing with pain and bleeding all month and more severe during I guess my "cycle". I am so done with it all. Recently (6 monthish ago) I noticed symptoms that were coming and going cyclically with my other symptoms. I have been tracking them in a pain journal extensively.
  
    Upper back pain Shoulder tip pain Coughing (with blood) Right upper quadrant pain
  
    I went to my GYN about these issues and honestly I feel like they were brushed off because they aren't endo symptoms (which I understand) but with them happening monthly I really don't know. In July the pain go so bad I rushed to the ER and they told me I needed my  gallbladder removed so we did that. While recovering from that I've had 2 CT scans of my pelvis and abdomen they say no new lesions but I'm still in so much pain and honestly more now since removing my gallbladder. Could these things be related to endo? Am I just being paranoid?

Article: I am female, 33. Currently on 15mg of Escitalopram and have been for about 6 years now. I used to suffer from severe anxiety and was prescribed Escitalopram which helped immensely. I don’t suffer so much with anxiety anymore, just the average amount most people experience.
  
    Lately I feel I’m becoming depressed. I have low motivation, I feel withdrawn and numb. I don’t feel anything at all some days. Appetite isn’t too good and sleep isn’t great either. I feel hopeless at the moment.
  
    I need to make some lifestyle changes which I’m looking at but I can’t seem to find be motivation to do this.
  
    Would a switch from Escitalopram to Sertraline help with my low mood? Or are they basically the same anyway?

Article: I am 21F, don't smoke or drink. The doctor does not seem fussed but they never do.  My b12 was extremely high as well (over 1600), not sure if this is relevant.  I am very worried about this.

Article: Here are the symptoms: minor forgetfulness almost daily. minor head pain on right side of the head several times per week. tingling sensation in limbs, mostly in legs that happens maybe twice a week. slight chest pains that cardiologist has referred to as 'pvcs' and harmless. cardiologist referred to a neurologist who is backed up.blood pressure is always within normal ranges unless fast food is eaten, which is about once per day. blood pressure then goes up to 'hypertension 1' according to my automated sleeve for a little bit before going back down.I do not smoke or drink.  I take no medication except a multivitamin and garlic extract pills, sometimes benadryl, though I've stopped.  also take an aspirin daily after cardiologist suggested to do so.  the cardiologist seemed to think that a minor stroke has occurred or may occur. I sit throughout the day for work also. maybe a nerve is pinched somewhere?

Article: No one can figure out what’s going on with me.
  
    I stay hot all the time. I’m pretty much constantly sweating. My hair stays drenched and looks like I just showered but really it’s just sweat. I don’t even have to be hot to be sweating though.
  
    I’ve had my physical, bloodwork, scans, urine tests, etc…. And everything comes back normal.
  
    Something has to be causing my sweating though! Any ideas?
  
    ——————
  
    I’m 34f, 5’0”, a little overweight but nothing wild.
  
    Controlled high blood pressure, taking losartan 50mg.
  
    Bipolar 2, taking lamictal 200mg.
  
    Anxiety and depression, taking pristiq 100mg, seroquel 50mg.
  
    Low vitamin d, so I take it weekly (can’t remember mg).
  
    Allergies, Allegra and Flonase

Article: Hi there!
  
    My mother is a sufferer or rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and a few other health related issues. She suffers GREATLY. She has not had much success w/ the current medicines offered for these diseases and is doing anything and everything to try and help with feeling better.
  
    My mother not the smartest with online associated things, however was looking online and came across this website; https://www.purehealth-research.com/shop?utm_source=google_sem_b_&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=phr_sem_b_brand_phr_main_all_canada&offid=phr&offerurlid=phr_sem_b_brand_phr_main_all_canada&trid={transaction_id}&affid=google_sem_b_&affsub=purehealth%20research&affsub2=sem_b_&gclid=Cj0KCQiAr8eqBhD3ARIsAIe-buNj6cLyX0KG68qhFE_N-Y3-LFai1mH1atd1ZHVGtG0Si2My8B55jCgaAnSoEALw_wcB

    Which promotes their own supplements. Ive tried to look into reviews, references, etc but honestly there isnt much posted online. She already spent 200$ with them & is getting supplements. Im worried, however.
  
    Has anyone heard of this organization?

Article: Hi everyone, so my dog bit my son (9 y/o M, 4'3" 65 lbs) while being a little too playful, I think it was a total accident. I cleaned with peroxide, neosporin and bandage, and now icing it. Is there anything I should be watching for that can signal infection in the coming hours/days? I had a friend bitten by her dog years ago and I took her to the ER and they irrigated the wound. I would hate for him to have to go through that. 😢
  
    Thanks.

Article: 21F, idk how much I weigh but my BMI is 27. I take oral birth control, concerta 27mg, lamotrigine 200mg, zofran PRN. I smoke weed a couple of times a week and I take half a 300mg delta-8 gummy daily for sleep/anxiety. Diagnosed with Celiac Disease, mild asthma, mild anemia, and classical Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. No other surgeries besides wisdom teeth removal.
  
    I had my gallbladder removed exactly 4 weeks ago due to gallstones and chronic cholecystitis. The surgery was done robotically and there were no complications, I only stayed one night in the hospital. The only thing abnormal was that my liver enzymes were still high following the surgery, going to get those labs repeated soon. Wound sites are healing great, I had minimal pain following the surgery, I was feeling good as normal a week after and I was cleared for physical activity one week ago.
  
    The only issue is that ever since the surgery my energy levels have been basically non-existing. I’m always tired, I’m sleeping more than I have in ages, and I have poor concentration and brain fog. I asked my surgeon and he said fatigue following surgery is normal because the body is still healing. However, the level of fatigue I’m experiencing seems pretty extreme for a relatively minor surgery that happened a month ago, so I wanted a second opinion. Is this normal? I’ve also been dealing with poor appetite, and I got a viral infection for the first time in ages this week even though I usually never get sick.

Article: Bit by squirrel
  
    Yesterday, my 13 year son and I were walking along a wooded trail where people commonly feed the birds and other wildlife. If you hold up a palmful of seeds or nuts, the birds will land on your hand. The squirrels will sometimes come close for food.
  
    My son had a handful of nuts and a squirrel came up to him, but bit him on the tip of his finger. I think he thought it was a nut.
  
    It broke the skin and there was a tiny amount of blood. Less than a drop.
  
    When we got off the trail about 20 minutes later, he washed his finger with soap and warm water.
  
    As of today he said it feels fine, doesn’t appear red or swollen.
  
    Should I take him to urgent care?

Article: 5 10 220 pounds Male
  
    Lately I've noticed I get pain while I sneeze. It's like a tingling pain and it's in my back, shoulders, chest and abdomen. What could it be?

Article: Hello, I am 19M, off of Accutane for a few weeks after being on it for 8 months. I am very active physically (except this past week) and maintain good eating habits (I weigh 148 ish currently). I have GAD and I have a history of vaping and a little smoking. Yesterday I did drink quite heavily (thanks University!). I’ve had mild chest pain in the middle of my chest for 4-5 months ish, it would just feel like a little sore muscle, always the same spot. When I work on my chest it hurts more/more sore. Today I woke up with a little red blotch on my skin right in the middle of my chest where the discomfort usually is. I’ve had that sense of doom and this entire day (bit better now) I was having huge anxiety (before I even considered it was a health problem) with a bit lightheartedness and high heart rate . I have no swelling in my legs and no cough, no shortness of breath either. I just don’t know what that red spot is, why I feel like this, and why the chest soreness is sometimes there and sometimes not. I’m feeling a bit better now, been 8 hours since I’ve been up. Do I see how I feel tomorrow?

Article: Age: 30 height: 5:5 weight: 130 gender: female meds you take: Paxil and Ativan and otc Aleve pm no smoking I suffer from depression and at times anxiety.
  
    This is about a month long issue
  
    I was prescribed benzos for sleep but over the counter pills work just as well now. I want to know wheter benzodiazepines and ambien have worse long term effects than otc pm pills. Basically which one is better for my health long term. Mods let me know if any other info is needed! Thanks!

Article: Im 24 male. Diagnosed with chronic rheumatoid arthritis that is already being taken care of.
  
    BUT. Last 3 months I’ve started to have a sensation of throwing up after each meal, then starting 1 month ago I realised I’ve become lactose intolerant.
  
    The throwing up sensation has worsened at the 2nd month when anything I consume will lead me to wanting to throw up. I’ve taken some gastritis meds and this has settled, now I can have a meal without much issues.
  
    But there are still seldom chest burn sensations, particularly noticeable after diet. And I need to poo after drinking black coffee or tea.
  
    For the last 2 weeks, almost all my stools were running with only few times simi solid. This is without consuming any milk related products.
  
    I have been experiencing loss of balance, words stuttering and huge amount mount of hair loss since last year, probably due to stress? Last year uni.
  
    When I close my eyes, I just feel dizzy…
  
    As of late, I seldomly finding it hard to focus my vision and my right side body has poor circulation in the morning, tingly feeling, i also find my legs extremely quick (1mins) to tingle when I cross my legs when sitting down, this is felt during the last 2 week.
  
    I’ve started to go running this week after recognising my poor circulation.
  
    Please send help..

Article: 12 year old Female, white, non smoker, medication- Prozac, cotempla, and hydroxizine, other medical issues- anxiety and adhd
  
    My daughter (12) had lab work done a couple weeks ago. It was ordered by her psychiatrist to look for causes for her increased anxiety as of lately.
  
    Most everything came back normal, but one thing did catch my eye…
  
    Her Iron was high (233) her Iron Saturation was high (70) but her UIBC was low (70).
  
    Ofcourse I did the one thing doctors recommend NOT doing, which is Google it…
  
    The first thing that popped up was Hemachromotosis and this caught my eye bc my uncle died from complications of hemachromotosis a couple years back.
  
    One other thing that is weird is that I saw that one of the symptoms of hemachromotosis is a tiff joints, especially in the fingers. She has been experiencing a trigger finger for the last 6 months. She is seeing a Dr about it and they said it will most likely go away, but could this be related?
  
    Also worth noting… my family has the factor five lieden gene.. I have been tested and I don’t have it, but my sister does. And I think my uncle that had the hemochromatosis did as well, but I am not certain. I did have a random splenic infarction 2 years ago, which is why they tested me for Factor 5 but it came back negative. I’m not even sure that has anything to do with all of this, but thought it may be worth mentioning.
  
    I guess my question is… should I be concerned about the numbers I saw in the bloodwork? And if so, what should my next step be? This was found during lab work to look for anxiety causes. I just really wasn’t expecting to find anything other than a simply vitamin deficiency.
  
    Thank you for your help!

Article: Since stopping the medication ive felt all of the above on a daily basis. Symptoms get worse at night. Psychiatrist believes stopping the medication would only have symptoms for 6 weeks at most. He prescribed me Ativan for Anxiety management and told me to take omeprazole twice a day for the nausea thinking I may have GERD. Three weeks went by with no reprieve. I visited an Urgent care clinic where they suggested I try Pepcid twice a day along with Zofran when Nausea is particularly bad. After 1 week Pepcid offered mild reprieve. Tried taking Ativan at night thinking symptoms may be due to anxiety. Ativan was not helpful. I'm at a loss. I have gotten a referral to a GI doctor but the earliest I can be seen is over a month out. Any recommendations or idea would be greatly appreciated

Article: I (28F) live in an area of the UK where recreational drug use is acceptable and expected - mostly weed and cocaine. As a consequence I have tried it a bunch of times, especially in my university days.
  
    However despite a number of efforts to understand the fuss, I literally cannot get high. I have tried multiple ways of ingesting from various suppliers and still nothing. It affects my friends or even siblings and I am absolutely fine.
  
    Now I can’t be bothered - I much prefer a glass of wine because I can get drunk but I am curious as to why I don’t get impacted by substances.
  
    I also don’t get hangovers at all and I’m unsure if this is linked. Can someone clever possibly explain why?!

Article: 21 Year old Male
  
    I have an issue regarding foam in my urine sometimes. Whenever I pee standing up, I notice foam in the toilet bowl. However, if I sit down to pee, there is no foam at all. I have self tested multiple times using urine dipsticks and all tests came back negative for protein. I also don’t have swelling in my wrists or ankles and lead an active lifestyle.
  
    The thing is I don’t really remember how long my urine has been foamy (when standing up) but I started getting concerned this year when I read that foamy urine could be indicative of protein leakage from the kidneys.

Article: I am 17, male 5’10 for the stupid auto mod shit. Over last 2-3 months or so iv been getting like pins and needles type feeling for very long durations up to hours at a time and at first I just thought id let it go away on its own but it still hasn’t gone away and its to a point now its literally just 24/7 my hand is just always numb this is my right hand and the numbness is like on the left side if that makes sense so its not the entire hand and recently has made trying to write Chinese characters very frustrating too since my hand just becomes painful after about a minute of writing and I don’t know whats wrong with it, I also go to the gym too but I don’t have or see any difference in performance with my numb hand.

Article: My brother sprayed some window cleaner right into my face, Not much like 1 or 2 sprays.  Later that day he also sprayed some into my drink, he told me it was like 3 sprays, I can't  really say what the symptoms are because i had cough before that incident, but i felt a little dizzy and now i have a sore throat. That was like 9 hours ago. I'm kind of worried, Will i be fine?   (Sorry for my grammar english is not my first language)

Article: Age: 34 Weight: 180 Location: Elbow - 1 year Sex: Male
  
    About a year ago, I developed pain in both my elbows near the very tip, especially my left. I couldn't find any diagnosis online that fit the description of what and where I was feeling so I finally go see an orthopedic. He takes x-rays and finds that I have a bone spur on each end of my elbow bone which is likely the cause of pain that is hitting against the tricep tendon when I do certain tripep exercises. The pain triggers regardless if I use dumbells or a bar and if I flair out my elbows more.
  
    Particuarlly, the lie-down tricep extensions/skullcrushers are absolute killers for me in terms of pain level. Alternatively, I can do Overhead Tricep extensions with the rope pulley with less pain but certainly moderate enough to wince at every rep. With less pain though, I can do tricep dips and tricep bench press for example.
  
    Given all this, what are some of the best tricep exercises I can do to work all the heads and progressively overload that will be best alternatives to the laying down tricep extensions? The Ortho said I just had bad genes are it was the luck of the draw to have bone spurs develop where they were.

Article: Im 19 and got a herminated disc. I got my first one at 16 and managed to heal w antiflamatory medicine. Im very skinny and have a hard time gaining both muscle and weight. So I want to start training to lessen chances of this happening. Any advice on how long I should wait so I don’t hurt my back further? And is there any thing I can do to lessen the pain if im unable to visit a doctor?

Article: Im a 14F 5'3 127lb
  
    No medical history
  
    Yesterday i was feeling around my mouth with my fingers, idk if they were washed but it felt like i had to look for something, now today i have a burning upper mouth feeling in the back and slight throat pains. I have just a headache from yesterday and bone pains. Worried about infection from my hands

Article: 33F, 5'2", 115lbs, in the USA.
  
    I've had 2 UTIs ever in my life, when I was 19. I am now 33. I would diligently pee after sex and that would always be enough to prevent a UTI.
  
    Had penetrative sex with long term partner on the evening of Nov 1st, and for the first time in 14 years I forgot to pee after sex. 3am on Nov 3rd, I felt an INTENSE burning with urination and knew instantly I had a UTI. As soon as the burning started, it didn't go away, and it was the worst UTI I've ever had by FAR. The burning was super painful, but worse than that was the 10/10 constant feeling that I need to pee BADLY. Azo maximum strength did NOTHING. I found GoodRX and got a prescription for Macrobid 5 days and at 5:30am the same day I took my first dose.
  
    4 hours later the symptoms improved enough for me to attempt to get some sleep. After the 2nd dose, things felt 80-90% good. I was SO thankful that the antibiotics worked SO quickly for me. Throughout the course, I still did feel the need to urinate almost constantly but it wasn't anywhere near as intense (maybe a 2/10) and the burning with peeing was mostly gone as well. I think by the end of the 5 days the burning would fluctuate between a 0/10 and 1/10.
  
    The day after i finished the 5 day course, making sure I only drink water, and tons of it, my bladder still didn't feel 100%. And i still had that feeling I needed to pee all the time, though the burning was gone at least. The doctor on GoodRX who prescribed me the antibiotics told me that it's normal to feel mild discomfort and increased frequency during AND a few days after antibiotics so I tried to not worry about it.
  
    However, it was getting a little worse as the days went by. I have very bad anxiety so I figured the anxiety is what is making it bad, especially since throughout the day during work, if I kept my mind off it, it did seem to help and I didn't have to pee as much. But at night it would get so bad and it would be hard to sleep. And I would wake up a lot to pee. I was scared the course of antibiotics wasn't long enough and not all the bacteria was killed.
  
    So on Nov 11 (last dose was Nov 7) I went to the urgent care and gave a urine sample. They said they found trace blood but no leukocytes, and when the doctor looked under the microscope she said "There was some bacteria but I didn't see anything else, like white blood cells". They sent the urine for a culture and I just got the call that nothing grew.
  
    She prescribed me Bactrim for 5 days and said to schedule an appointment with a urologist if the cultures come back negative. Took the first dose immediately.
  
    I have taken dose 5 out of 10 but I am still feeling that need to pee constantly and a 1/10 burning at the end of my urine stream. It has improved enough that it has been a bit easier to sleep and the first night I took the bactrim I only woke up once to pee.
  
    I'm just so confused because when I had UTIs in the past, it was such an easy fix. just a week of keflex and I was good. I don't understand why I'm STILL feeling symptoms. Doesn't the fact that the macrobid improved 90% of symptoms mean I had a UTI caused by either Staphyloccocus saprophyticus or E.coli, since antibiotics don't work if there isn't an infection and those are the only bacteria that macrobid targets? And after 5 days of macrobid and 2.5 days of bactrim.... shouldn't I be feeling nothing? Why does my bladder still feel irritated? I'm taking 1300mg of D-Mannose too... i've taken that for 2 days now.. but still feels like I need to pee constantly. Also been taking probiotics so I don't get a yeast infection and there has been no sign of that at least...

Article: So last week I suddenly got these dots on 3 of my Nails and some on my fingers. Im working in chemestry laboratory and thought that is from mixing water with Ba(No). The dots on my hands are almost gone, but not on my nails. How serious this might bet? Im white female, 31 years, 168cm, 60kg. https://i.imgur.com/qukkmfV.jpg

Article: I 35 male none smoker get dizzy/lightheaded anytime I put pressure on upper thigh (near where I broke femur as a child). Also if stand/sit I get swelling in foot and lots of pressure in pelvis. Get tight feeling in face quickly and dizzy real easy anytime pressure on that upper thigh (even laying on back)
  
    This was in my report: (confused on bilateral spondylolysis l5 especially)
  
    HISTORY: ? Iliac vein pathology; venogram phase as per req. Bilateral lower extremity edema and unusual but severe symptoms. Venous duplex ultrasound only reflexes focally in the right common femoral vein. Rule out IVC/iliac vein pathology (compression/collaterals etc.)
  
    FINDINGS: Intravenously enhanced helically acquired axial scans were obtained from the domes of the diaphragm to the proximal thighs using a CIV protocol. There is asymmetry in the opacification of the left iliac and common femoral arteries in comparison to the opacify and right side due to the venous access being in the right foot. The IVC, iliac and femoral veins have an unremarkable course and caliber. There is no sign of a compressive mass of obstruction. The lung bases are clear. The gallbladder, liver, pancreas, spleen, adrenals, kidneys midline vessels and bladder are unremarkable. There is no significant abdominal, pelvic of inguinal adenopathy. Bilateral spondylolysis at l5 is present. There are no suspicious bony lesions.
  
    INTERPRETATION: Unremarkable CI scan of the abdomen and pelvis. No sign of compression of obstruction to the venous return of the legs.

Article: Age -41
  
    Sex- male
  
    Height -5’5
  
    Weight -134
  
    Race-Hispanic
  
    Duration of complaint- 3 months, one month pain free.
  
    Location- low back pain
  
    No existing medical conditions.
  
    Occasionally smoke.
  
    Ibuprofen but it doesn’t help.
  
    Doctor reassured me that it was normal to find this in the general population, that my spine was very straight and if there was a herniated disc it wouldn’t be so strait. Is that true?… says that my back pain is most likely muscle in nature due to no other findings of symptoms. They also found some blood in my urine but I have no s/s of infection and that it’s likely a small kidney stone and that it could be causing some of the pain as well.
  
    Doctors can u please chime in and give me some feedback please.

Article: 23M. Only medication I take is symbicort for asthma. I have thalassemia minor, and I have a bicuspid aortic valve which has been progressing well. Doc says I have little to no murmur. I have been going to the gym more consistently and after strenuous workouts, I am literally drowsy. I could fall asleep anywhere in the gym. My workouts are not fasted.
  
    Any idea what is going on?

Article: Hi, I am a female age 24. I am deadly allergic to eating snails. I dont know if I am allergic to the vapor or anything else. I recently put some live plants in my aquarium and I guess some snail eggs were on it. I now have snails in my aquarium. Will it bother me? Can i still do everything as normal with the aquarium and just let them be? I mean I wont eat them lmao but I just want to make sure theres no risk.

Article: My mother (60F) feels bugs when she lays down on her couch and/or bed. She said she feels like they're pricking her. She never sees anything. She's washed her bedding multiple times and cleans the couch fabric often. I don't feel or see anything when I'm in her house. She says she only feels it for an hour or so and then doesn't feel it any more. I'm really concerned that this is "formication" and maybe the early signs of dementia? She has a family history of it, she's very socially isolated, and she is forgetful but not so much so that I would think dementia if she didn't have this family history.
  
    What should I do?
  
    I'm not going to suggest that it's all in her mind (I did once a few months ago but she doesn't remember her talking to me about this before and so doesn't remember me saying that). She's not super into mental health counseling if it's depression-related but we have talked about her moving in with me in a few years when she'll need to retire and I wonder if being around other people might slow the dementia if that's a thing?

Article: My 5 year old has a 103 fever  and I know too high can be dangerous so I'm watching her carefully she's acting totally normal besides a cough.
  
    Mother in law says to get the fever down but the body is heating up to get rid of the infection, seems if you reduce it , it could take longer to get rid of.  Seems to me as long as she's OK a fever is fine and doing its job, why did this automatically reduce a fever no matter what start? Pharma fever reducing advertising or does it have Merritt?

Article: I am 22 Male and I started taking my fitness very seriously for a year, I lost about 40 pounds but still was at 25 % body weight and had been on a plateau for (3) months, I noticed I had cellulite and wanted to know if that was the reason for my spectacularly low weight loss rate. I got tired and left weight loss altogether.

Article: Hello. I'm a 19 year old male and as of the past week I've had multiple of my lymph nodes in my head/neck start swelling without any sort of sign of illness. Only two of them are extremely swollen and those are, the one directly next to my ear on the left side and just under my ear near my neck on my right. The others is behind my head near the top of my neck and directly in the center under my chin.
  
    The only thing that I could say is potentially causing this is maybe my wisdom teeth because I need to get them removed but I'm honestly not so sure and as we all know Dr google isn't very helpful especially for people like me with anxiety.
  
    Any suggestions or advice would be greatly appreciated thanks.

Article: Hello AskDocs Community,
  
    I recently underwent a series of blood tests and received some results that caught my attention. I’m hoping to gain insights from medical professionals on what these findings might indicate, whether they should be a cause for concern, and potential next steps to uncover the underlying issue. Here are the key results:
  •	CRP (C-Reactive Protein) Ultrasensitive: 8.2 mg/L (Reference Range: 0.0 - 3.0 mg/L)
•	ESR (Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate): 35 mm/h (Reference Range for males: typically up to 15 mm/h)
•	Complete Blood Count, Metabolic Panel, and Lipid Profile: All within normal ranges.
    LAST MONTHS RESULTS:
  •	25/03/2023: ESR 20, CRP 7.3
•	25/04/2023: ESR 10, CRP 7.8
•	10/05/2023*: ESR 34, CRP 66.8
•	15/05/2023*: ESR 40, CRP 19.3
•	22/05/2023: ESR 26, CRP 4.4
•	29/06/2023: ESR 22, CRP 8.8
•	05/08/2023: ESR 22, CRP 8.4
•	21/09/2023: ESR 33, CRP 6.6
    (*On 10/05/2023, I tested positive for COVID-19, which could explain the spike.)
  
    To give you a bit more context, I am a 33-year-old male with no significant personal medical history. I’m not currently experiencing any overt symptoms, and this test was part of a routine check-up.
  
    Given the elevated levels of CRP and ESR, which indicate some inflammation, I’m curious about the potential causes. From your experience, what conditions should be considered in this scenario? Is this something that typically warrants immediate further investigation, or could it be monitored over time?
  
    I understand that these markers are nonspecific and could be raised due to a variety of reasons, but I would greatly appreciate any guidance on what kind of specialist to consult or any additional tests that might be recommended to pinpoint the cause.
  
    Thank you for your time and expertise.
  
    PD. I’ve been checking myself because I’m losing weight, and I like to monitor my health. I have already lost 33 kg, I weighed 130kg

Article: Hello hello!
  
    M22 here. Ever since my teens i’ve experienced this problem and never thought much of it. The incredible pain in my ass that usually comes after a visit to the restroom (number 2), or after orgasm.
  
    It started out with a sharp stab in my anus which literally took 2/3 seconds before disappearing again. Then, it evolved to heavy cramps after some of my toilet visits. They usually tended to last a few minutes, 10 minutes tops, with plenty of time in between episodes. However, two weeks ago it took my anus about an hour to fully calm down after i had an orgasm. Last night I got awoken from the pain and it lasted one hour as well.
  
    Aside from the cramps I don’t have any other symptoms.
  
    Since it’s only been two weeks between episodes which both lasted longer than usual, it got me thinking. Are longer episodes common? How often do you have to get episodes to contact a physician? When does it become something to worry about?
  
    I know it’s common to be during the night and when you’re sleeping, but last night was a first time for me.
  
    I do suffer from hypochondriasis which I know could be one of the causes. I also think (but never got it confirmed or checked) that I have IBS.
  
    Many thanks in advance.

Article: Hi, I am a 14 year old afab but I'm ftm, I've started to notice it hurts to pee? and I have a overreacting bladder, I don't see my doc for general health in months I think and I'm starting to find it a issue. It hurts so much to hold and sometimes I'm on the toilet for a whole minute just peeing. I had trauma at around 3 when I had hit between the enterence of my reproductive system and my urethra (I don't know the name as I have not had a sex ed class) on a metal chair and tore it open, it has been fixed but now I have a scar.  Going back to last year I had forced trauma on me, not with a penis but a guys fingers as well as being kicked directly in the groinal area. It's been hard for me to control my bladder and it's so hard to hold since it hurts. Does anyone have a general idea of what it could be?
  
    I do take medicines such as 30G of prescribed Prozac for depression, Iron meds for a iron deficiency and Omeprozale every day. I also have one neurological diagnosis which is Tics and 1 that have interference with my day to day life such as athsma and 1 undiagnosed which is possible chrons disease.
  
    As a note also my mom (35)had ovarian cysts at one point (non-cancerous) and diabetes runs in my dads side but he(41)doesn't have it, but cancer runs in both sides. (Edit) I have had ankle surgery in the past 5-6 months, due to a severe fractured ankle

Article: It was yellowish at first now it is brown. Everywhere it says abscess should be drained. Should I visit another doctor? Antibiotics: Augmentin I’m healthy female. Possibly it happened because it trimmed my nail badly.

Article: Age 36
  
    Sex m
  
    Height 510
  
    Weight 170
  
    Race Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint: 5 weeks
  
    Location work
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues no
  
    Current medications none
  
    Include a photo if relevant
  
    Hello all, had an injury at work on 10/2.I was moving a bunch of heavy machinery and felt a pop like sensation in my bicep and felt shoulder pain. Had a slight Popeye muscle with bruising going across the middle of my bicep. And an indented line going across my bicep. Saw a doctor through workers comp. He sent me to get an mri without contrast. Took 3 weeks to get the actual mri. From my initial injury to the mri is 4 weeks. Doctor came looked at the images before reading the results and said everything looked good. Then looked at the results and said something different. He told me i may have a slight torn labrum but said i will not need surgery. He sent me to 4 weeks of physical therapy. My question, should I request an arthogram MR? Should I get a second opinion? Or does the doctors recommendation sound like the proper approach. 5 weeks after injury and I still have a slight popeye arm. Still have a dead arm and get cramping very very easily. I feel a deep aching pain almost all day. Not horrible pain, but a constant aching. Would love some advise on what I should do from here. I can put up the mri images if someone wants to go over them. Thank you in advance
  
    MRI OF THE RIGHT SHOULDER WITHOUT IV CONTRAST: This study was performed with Siemens Espree 1.5T High Field Open MRI system. Multiplanar multisequence MRI of the right shoulder was performed without the IV administration of contrast material. The acromion is flat without significant lateral downsloping or undersurface spurring There is mild capsular thickening and hypertrophy with subchondral cystic change and bone marrow edema involving the acromioclavicular joint. There is a mild amount of fluid in the region of the subacromial/subdeltoid bursa. There is a low grade partial thickness undersurface tear of the supraspinatus tendon. There is infraspinatus tendinosis without discrete tendon tear. The subscapularis tendon demonstrates no discrete tear or significant tendinosis. Muscle bulk and signal appear normal. The biceps tendon is norma lly positioned within the bicipital groove; it demonstrates normal signal and morphology. The biceps/labral complex appears intact. There is abnormal morphologic appearance of the superior labrum demonstrating slight anterior to posterior extension, suspicious for a SLAP type ll labral tear. There is normal alignment of the glenohumeral joint without evidence of a significant effusion. Mild fluid is identified in the rotator interval as well as inferior aspect of the joint. There is probable intraosseous cyst formation within the humeral head.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    Intact appearance of the long head of the biceps tendon.
  


    Low grade partial thickness undersurface tear of the supraspinatus tendon
  


    Infraspinatus tendinosis without discrete tear.
  


    Findings which can be seen with adhesive capsulitis.
  


    Probable SLAP type ll labral tear, consider confirmation with MR arthrogram as clinically indicated.

Article: I, 24 female, 5’5, 125 pounds am completely fed up with my current situation and aggravated that no one seems to care at all or have a decent answer for me. I’m just flat out getting depressed.
  
    I had a pretty bad UTI in August that sent me to the emergency room because I was peeing blood and it freaked me out. They put me on Keflex for 10 days, and this started an absolute nightmare. Since taking it, I’ve burped and farted 100-200 times per day. I have heartburn, and have lost 15 pounds. I also had a vaginal yeast infection.
  
    Fast forward three months later. I still have the stomach problems but I have an appointment for those on the 21st. The issue is, my vagina and vulva still burn. Badly. Constantly. I have shooting pains in my clitoris sometimes and pain in my vagina that goes into my legs sometimes. I’ve had 5 negative tests in a row for yeast, bv, ureaplasma, mycoplasma, STIs, you name it, I’ve had it tested. I’ve also had 3 OBGYNs look and say things look normal.
  
    I kept pushing for yeast treatments and treated with clotrimazole (had a horrible reaction, I think this started the burning in the beginning), boric acid, a zillion fluconazole, terconazole, Amphotericin b suppositories and more. Finally, 2.5 weeks ago I stopped treating the “yeast” when I got yet another negative test. Things haven’t gotten worse. May be slightly better. So, I’m pretty convinced it’s not yeast anymore since I feel like that would’ve gotten worse with no treatment.
  
    The issue is, now that I’m testing negative, the OBGYNs have literally no options for me. They just say I should “explore other options” or “seek another opinion.” But what would other options be?? No one seems to have any idea what else it could be, so I’m not sure what to do. I mean, what other type of doctor do you see for vaginal problems if the OBGYNs don’t know?
  
    I’m just really fed up. I even went to the Cleveland Clinic, which was a 5 hour drive for me. Saw TWO different providers who both said nothing was wrong with me and confirmed with testing.
  
    I know that I’m not crazy. I know that this hurts. What I don’t know is WHO is going to help me with this?? I exercise, I eat well, and I’m a generally very healthy person so this has really turned my life upside down. It’s very mentally draining to feel that no one has any ideas.
  
    So, am I missing something? Or is there anything I could try or any other type of doctor I could see? Am I just going to hurt for the rest of my life?

Article: 28/F/5'10/145LBS/USA
  
    Posted a similar Q a bit ago but deleted and reposting with additional context - I went to my PCP today and she said I could start off by getting tested to see if I'm still immune from Hep b or if I need to get the vaccine again and I was curious to know -- what tests should I ask of him to chat with me about to better understand his condition and how much of a risk it may pose to me? I know there's the panel test (saw some say 3 panel, some say 5) but should I also request that he provide me info on his viral load?
  
    He already did provide me with some blood work results, which I felt uncomfortable about at first, but said he'd be willing to show me anything else that would make me more comfortable.
  
    Anything else that's important that we should talk about?

Article: 23 Female.
  
    Over a year ago, I hit my head real hard, on my forehead.
  
    It gave me a headache for 30 minutes, and I immediately started seeing stars after. They appear every approximately 10 seconds. They look like strobing TV static. They are either in one eye or the other. (If I close one eye, half of them go away) They last about 5 seconds in my vision before fading to black. However they appear all day every day. (Like, there's ALWAYS one in my vision) On a few occasions, I've had a star stay in my vision for over a week before slowly fading to black
  
    I've been to 2 different eye specialists who tell me my eyes are perfectly fine. And a Brain MRI that also came back normal. Its like I'm having constant mini Ocular migraines 24/7 (without the migraine) and I have no idea what to do. It's driving me crazy.

Article: 27f, 5'3 125lbs. I have had my underarms waxed twice in the past 2 years but mostly I shave them.
  
    The other day i realized the hair is growing back patchy, as in there are bald spots where it was previously growing hair. A few months ago I experienced significant hair loss from my scalp, but I was taking Wellbutrin (300mg) and I stopped taking it mid September. The hair fall from my head has slowed down but it's still coming out quite a bit.
  
    Are these things related?

Article: Hello, I am a 31 year old male who has a medial meniscus bucket handle tear. I sustained this injury roughly 2.5 weeks ago. I am still waiting on a consult with an orthopedic surgeon and it’s looking like it will be another 2-3 weeks before the consult occurs and then no telling how long until it’s repaired. My question is shouldn’t this be rushed along more quickly? From my understanding the longer you go without intervention the worse the outcome typically is and the greater the risk of osteoarthritis.
  
    Also, do you know if I should be NWB or PWB on it or is full weight bearing okay?

Article: This is odd, my daughter 19F went to the ER for abdominal pain (later diagnosed as hepatitis pursuant to mono).  She reports NP at hospital discussed symptoms with her and told her to go home, drink fluids and take Tylenol.  She insists there was no physical exam.  Since I’m paying the (large) ER copay, I looked at the report the NP wrote (posted on the online portal) after the visit (with daughter’s permission, of course).  It details a complete physical exam - palpating abdomen, listening to heart/lungs, looking at tonsils, etc.  My daughter insists none of this happened.  It’s bizarre that a NP would make up a physical exam, but I also can’t imagine that my daughter forgot (?) it happened.  I feel like I should discuss this with the hospital.  How should I proceed?

Article: Hello I am 30F and would like some help about my throat. So I have always had strong sneezes but it's only recently that my strong sneezes have affected my throat. I don't have a sore throat but my sneezes causes the inside of my throat, my esophagus I guess to feel sore and can sometimes be a little painful, not so painful that I can't swallow or eat but it is annoying. Anyway it usually goes away in about a week or 2 but I have to be conscious to not sneeze or prevent myself from sneezing to help my throat heal. I'm not sure what this is, honestly looking online only gives me advice about a sore throat. I'm thinking that my strong sneezes causes a tear in my esophagus?
  
    Today as I was out for a walk I sneezed really hard and I felt my throat get sore/torn again. Which was really annoying seeing as I had just recovered from a previous sneezing incident that left my throat sore. I was swallowing to feel the extent of the damage when I hear a very small snap or pop noise in my throat and then immediate pain in my throat. This pain is not inside my throat but feels like a muscle on the outside. It hurts when I swallow and hurts a bit when I talk. Again the pain when I swallow is not in my throat but feels outside my esophagus. I'm thinking is it possible I strained or tore a muscle in my throat?
  
    I'm not sick or recently sick. I have no other symptoms nor am I taking any medication.

Article: MRI CERVICAL SPINE WITHOUT CONTRAST
  
    HISTORY: Numbness and tingling.
  
    COMPARISON: None available.
  
    TECHNIQUE: MRI of the cervical spine performed on a 3.0 Tesla scanner without intravenous contrast.
  
    Would appreciate some expertise on what my  MRI ofmC-Spine reports. Late 30s female BMI 20. Experiencing numbness, tingling, weakness and occasional stability issues. I will have bad days where I drop things and have hard time work fine motor. Had nerve test showing Carple tunnel bad enough they want to schedule surgery asap. Neck is tight with headaches behind eyes and temples. Numbness 2 different spots on back. one right above shoulder and others opposite side mid back. is
  
    CONTRAST: None.
  
    FINDINGS:
  
    There is a mild rightward curvature. Vertebral body heights are maintained. No spondylolisthesis is seen. There is no soft tissue or marrow edema. There is no compromise of the cervicomedullary junction. The cervical spinal cord maintains normal signal characteristics.
  
    There is potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament C4-C7. C6-C7: There is a disc bulge and mild central stenosis. The neural foramina are patent. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    C7-T1: There is no central or foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    There are small 4 mm bilateral thyroid nodules.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  
    C6-C7: There is a disc bulge and mild central stenosis. The neural foramina are patent. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    C7-T1: There is no central or foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    There are small 4 mm bilateral thyroid nodules.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    Cervical degenerative changes and potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament (OPLL). There are mild stenoses as discussed above. CT imaging of the cervical spine is recommended to evaluate for OPLL.
  


    Tiny thyroid nodules.
  


    Cervical degenerative changes and potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament (OPLL). There are mild stenoses as discussed above. CT imaging of the cervical spine is recommended to evaluate for OPLL.
  


    Tiny thyroid nodules.
  


    then CT was done to Rule out OPLL said no OPLL so just do follow up care with neurology to monitor symptoms.. is this the right way to go about it? is it normal to have stenosis under 40 bulging discs and ostification. with my physical symptoms? advice appreciated.
  
    C5-C6: There is a broad-based disc bulge. There is mild central stenosis with subtle flattening of the ventral portion cervical spinal cord. Uncovertebral joint hypertrophy contribute to mild bilateral foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.

Article: Hi, I'm 24, female, 169cm, 58kg. Since the 25th of September I've been experiencing weird symptoms. It all started in the middle of one night, woke up with shortness of breathe that continued for days. On october I had a couple more symptoms such as almost fainting, my arms would become a bit numb (I had the same sensation of almost fainting in my arms if that makes sense), sometimes I would feel tingling on my joints (mostly elbows) and also heart (chest whatever) pain, like a throbbing pain that would go away in minutes.
  
    I had an echocardigram ECG done and it showed Small mitral valve prolapse and a Holter 24h that showed nothing special but 2 extrassystoles which I know I have since 2018 (I think it's called in english Premature Ventricular Contractions).
  
    So, basically I'd like to know if that's connected (the MVP with PVC) and my doctor called and said that MVP couldn't make me feel those symptoms but I saw in the internet that it can? I'm confused, if that's not what's causing it, then what is?

Article: 18M, 5'8'', 126lbs. Diagnosed with POTS and EDS. I recently had an echocardiogram done that revealed some findings. It was done to aid in a diagnosis of POTS, in order to rule out any cardiac issues, however I have had a history of cardiovascular symptoms, that have worsened recently. Mainly exercise intolerance, palpitations, and occasional chest pain with shortness of breath. It hasn't been reviewed by my doctor yet and probably won't for a week or so. I will release the full results here, but the main one that I wanted to discuss is the Right Ventricular Systolic Pressure (RVSP). It was measured at 37mmHg. I believe this falls under the category of "mild" Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension. My main concern is that Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension is usually progressive and eventually terminal. what could've caused this? What can I do to improve my prognosis? I am an 18 year old so obviously I would like to live at least a little while longer, could anyone help me make sense of all this? Once again, the full results will be linked below. https://imgur.com/a/HLdFbyV

Article: I am 36 old man, 92kg and 183cm, working as decorator. I had a chest infection in August, cought up a lots of mucus and I was weak for month, received antibiotics which didn't work. I've been in hospital 2 times with. I had recently a full CT, Xrays, ECGs multiple times. They found a granuloma in my lung, nothing else. My chest pain comes and goes. Never smoked, but dust is quite common in my workplace. I also have blocked nose 2 months ago, mostly the nighttime. Not sure if related, but once I slip on a stairs and to not fell back I grabbed a railing with right hand but was so sudden and forceful I felt some kind discomfort inside my chest, it didn't pain so not bothered with. This accident happened about 2 months before the chest pain started. Doctors, chest specialist said I am fine, they couldn't find the reason. Heart related problems happened with my mom and her sisters too so I am bit worried. No idea where to go with this :(

Article: I am 35F, 5'3", 180lbs, caucasian.
  

    As of the last 8 days, I have had off and on pain/aches in my left leg. I initially felt it only in my left inner calf, but after the first couple of days it began to jump around. I can now intermittantly feel it in the following places on my left leg: inner calf, back of calf, sides of knee, behind my knee on posterior, inner thigh, back of thigh, where my hip meets my femur, sole of foot, shin. In the past I have had sciatica, when pregnant with my son, which was several years ago. The pain of that was quite severe and different from this. My knees would often give out from the shooting pain and I had to regularly roll out of bed because bending was difficult. Current pain is different. It feels similar to a twinge or a burn, as if I'd been working out. The pain does not occur in all spots at once and seems to happen when I am standing, sitting and laying, at random. There is no swelling or discoloration that I have noticed. I did have shooting pain in my left lower back about 5 months ago, but this seems to have gone away. I'm concerned these leg pains may be a blood clot (which is likely 100% due to my anxiety) and am trying to decide if it's something I should go see an urgent care office for or if I can wait until my appointment in late January with my GP to address.
  
    I have GAD, MDD, potential thoracic outlet syndrome and sciatica (neither confirmed by imaging, TOS by neurologist, Sciatica by chiropractor). I take Trintellix 20mg and have a Mirena IUD. I rarely drink and vape 5% nicotine daily.
  

    Thanks for reading.

Article: Hi everyone! Male,  32 years old, , 6'0  165 lbs, occasional drinker, no smoking and no existing medical issues that I'm aware of.
  
    This cocktail of symptoms appeared in September. Initial research point to swollen lymph nodes, but I haven't been able to confidently identify the swelling.  The tightness and stabbing pain around the throat are only felt when I'm walking or jumping. Occasionally, there is also a slight throbbing sensation around the nose and mouth.
  
    What could this be?

Article: 31 Male
  
    5 foot 11
  
    205 pounds Non smoker, don't partake in any substances. Casual drinker (I've had the same bottles on my shelf for over a year and they're all more than 2/3 full)
  
    Family history of: lupus, fibromyalgia, diabetes, degenerative eye disorders, asthma, heart disease, bipolar disorder
  
    Medications: none currently but history of prozac, symbicort,  and used to take 500-3000mg of Tylenol daily due to chronic pain. (Stopped in 2013 when the pain stopped)
  
    Hello. I've had blood work done and my vitamin/nutrient levels are all good. Nothing out of the ordinary. However my calf muscles (and ankle muscles) are never not moving.
  
    I will sometimes get muscle cramps multiple times an hour, ranging in intensity. Sometimes totally unnoticed and sometimes unbearable. (Side note, I've also got reduced sensation in my toes)
  
    The only possible condition I've been asked about is CMT, but I never got the diagnosis confirmed due to my work schedule. Can provide a short video on request.

Article: Hey all, I have a question about the effectiveness of combined pill birth control after the 7 week pill break given the user missed it for a day. I’ve read conflicting information on it, and wanted a clarification. If someone were to miss the first pill following the break and not take it all (goes against what manufacturers advise) and only takes the second, third, and fourth pills, would they still be protected against pregnancy?

Article: 23F, ~175 lb, used to have irregular period before starting BCP. I am sexually active and don't use condom with my partner.
  
    I started using BCP to have a better control of my period cycle back in May and have been on it since. Last month I missed 3 days of pills but still had period during the white-pill week.
  
    This month I've been taking the bcp pills properly and on time and only had 1 pill that I took the next day. However, there is still 2 weeks left before I was supposed to get my period but I suddenly started to spot today. I'm not sure why?
  
    Breakthrough spotting happens in the beginning so why would I suddenly spot mid-bcp sheet of this month randomly? I'm not sure if this spotting will turn into a full blown period. If it does, it'll be 2 weeks early.
  
    I have also been feeling slight lower abdominal discomfort recently, sometimes it feels like there is a pressure. Sometimes it feels like a slight short, sharp pain.

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!

Article: Age: 35 Sex: M Height: 5'9" Weight: 195 Race: White Location: Lower left side
  
    Hi, since July I have had what I would call pretty consistent pressure on my lower left side with occasional cramping and gurgling. Sometimes when I breathe in it feels like something is pressing up there. Additionally recently I've had some constipation (inability to completely empty) and harder stools (sometimes small and thin and other times big but still sort of flat?) I've seen my GP and gastro and the gastro said he wouldn't order a colonoscopy because I don't have any red flags (no blood, no weight loss, going every day.)
  
    My GP ordered a CT with contrast to see whats going on because its been going on for a while. Could all of this be my IBS though?

Article: 21F, 5'6'', 125 lbs,
  
    Right eye dryness.  tonsil swelling constantly, mild tonsil irritation all of the time, and tonisllities flare ups. Right temple headaches. The left side is completely fine.
  

    Hello, this is an issue thats started off mild, and slowly progressed over the course of three years. It started with constant dry eye on the right side. Occasional tonsillitis flare ups every few months. Including swelling, white patches. Sometimes I couldn't talk or swallow. These tonsil flare ups would come and go and I didn't associate them with the eye dryness. Now they are partnered together, whenever the tonsil is bad, so is the eye.
  

    Now, its progressed to constant right tonsil pain, right dry eye, and a local mild pain in my right temple.  Any time I am compromised, all these symptoms get worse. I also get very tired when these symptoms get worse, and most of the time I am moderately tired.
  

    I was checked for an infection, both through swab and blood test, and there was no sign of one.
  

    I've been gargling salt water every night. I've also been flossing and using mouthwash consistently.
  

    It's progressed to a point where daily responsibilities are becoming difficult, and I can't make any compromises about sleep or diet. Any time I don't sleep or eat enough it flares up.  I don't have a social life for this reason and my grades are falling regardless. I would very much appreciate a way to fix this. Thank you.

Article: Hey there, I'm 30F, 5'6, 165, white. I recently had an endoscopy/colonoscopy and ever since the corners of my jaw have been painful to the touch. It's been 4 days since the procedure. I've never felt pain in this area. The way I describe the pain is it feels bruised, and doesn't feel like muscle tension. And it's only on the corner of the jaw and doesn't radiate anywhere else. It doesn't hurt to open or close my mouth and my masseter muscle feels fine, so I don't think it has to do with my mouth being open. I tried looking it up and all I found was that is where your parotid glands are located? Could being in a hospital have exposed me to something that would cause swelling in those glands?

Article: Hello there! I am a 38 year old female. Non-smoker. 5’4” and 143 lbs. No relevant health conditions. No prior spinal issues before being rear ended last year. Pain ever since.
  
    I received MRI results last week. I already knew of some herniated disks in my cervical spine from an MRI in September, but I had a thoracic MRI last week. The results came back with more herniated disks, one of which has a posterior annular tear. What was surprising, though, is that I have a syrinx measuring just over 2cm in my thoracic area.
  
    Question is- what type of doctor do I need to schedule an appointment with? My doctor that referred me for the MRI is a chiropractor, so this obviously is not something he can help me with.
  
    Simply put, I don’t know what to do with this new information. I don’t know what kind of doctor to see and I’m also nervous that this syrinx will rupture. Please help with what my next steps should be. I want to get in to see someone ASAP.
  
    And is there a sense of urgency with this?
  
    Thank you in advance for your help!

Article: 39F Diagnosed depression/anxiety. On Prozac, Wellbutrin, Trazodone
  
    My hands/fingers will shake sometimes to the point where I can't stop them. It's enough to where doing something that takes fine motor skills is now difficult. It's not like this all time time but there are times when it's worse. I haven't been able to make a correlation with anything I'm doing differently.
  
    I don't know what other type of information you may need but basically curious if it's worth going to my dr or not.

Article: I’m Female 18 years old, and weighs 43.5kg, within a 24 hour period I had taken 6 500mg of paracetamol and 16 200mg of ibuprofen and an additional 8 256mg of ibuprofen. I feel pretty fine so far besides (idk) an ache or a pain in mostly my upper body. I was just wondering if I’ll be okay since i started at 11am and haven’t taken anything else since 9am(???) and it’s currently 8pm

Article: F36 5ft 11 180 pounds.  Active lifestyle - run and walk regularly. Not on any medication, recently finished Saxenda after 5 months.
  
    I developed left shoulder tip pain 10 days ago - out of nowhere.  I sat in a taxi and just instantly felt uncomfortable. The pain felt like it radiated down my arm and came in waves.
  
    I’m UK based, couldn’t get a GP appointment so called 111 Wednesday of last-week as the pain felt worse and like it radiates to my chest from my arm and shoulder tip. I was told to go a and e. Seen by on-site GP who queried a cardiac event, ECG performed.  Then seen by a and e reg who said the ECG was deranged but normal - presence of ectopic beats but nothing that concerned him so discharged without any further investigations.
  
    Pain has persisted but tonight felt like an attack.  Sharp stabbing painful left shoulder tip pain worse on inspiration - came in waves lasting in total 20ish minutes.  Felt JUST like the gallstone attacks I used to get before my gallbladder was removed 8 years ago.
  
    At the time of pain I felt like I needed to go a and e but then it settled again and I’m just back to this dull ache in my left shoulder tip, a heavy ache down my left arm and a mild discomfort to my chest.
  
    Can ANYONE advise further? I’ve tried my GP surgery every single day and can’t get an appointment, and I would feel like a dickhead again if I rocked up to a and e.

Article: 21M, Caucasian, 5"9, 175lb. No drinking or smoking.
  
    College football player here. Had a shoulder injury that sidelined me for a few weeks, and when I returned to play, I noticed some discomfort in the sesamoid of my right foot. This pain gradually got worse and worse over the course of 2 weeks. Then in a game this past weekend, my toe got bent back very far against the turf, and the sesamoid has been extremely painful ever since. It has affected my walking as I am no longer able to push off the toe, and I can't even do a single leg calf raise (running would be out of the question). Basically, anything that bears significant weight on the sesamoid region is very painful. I saw a foot specialist and he thinks I just have a naturally bipartite sesamoid, and that I'm just suffering from sesamoiditis. However, given the pain level, I think it might be fractured/ stress fractured. Please see X ray and let me know your thoughts. It is the fibular (outer) sesamoid in my right foot. You'll see that both sesamoids in my left foot (on the left side of x-ray), and the inner sesamoid on my right foot, are all unipartite.
  
https://imgur.com/usRN1am

Article: Hi all, I'm a 29 male, 184cm, 69kg, caucasian, I take magnesium 5g twice a day (doctor order), I'm a past smoker (stopped 6 years ago) and a occasional drinker.
  
    Been expericing some palpitations (fluttering of heart), some of them feel quite hard and there was a day that i felt them like every 10 minutes.
  
    They seemed to have started after I started using my relvar ellipta (inhalator). I've stopped using it 2 days ago and the number of daily palpitations have decreased. What's the explanation behind it?
  
    Also every time I have these palpitations, the heart rate stays the same. Every time. Is that a good sign?
  
    Thanks.

Article: I’m a 35F and I’ve always fallen in the “normal” BMI category, very active, eat healthy, etc, until recently. I’ve had 2 kids, my last baby was born March 2022. I have NOT been able to lose that baby weight despite my best effort. I do HIIT 6x/week, eat low carb, when I do track cals I’m in a calorie deficit. But I’m still about 15-20lbs overweight.
  
    Also, my pregnancy constipation never resolved. I never had an issue with constipation in my life except when pregnant but that never went away after my second kid. My periods are normal. 27 days. Very regular. I don’t notice hair loss or brittle nails but my skin is drier than normal. I’m tired ALL THE DAMN TIME but I also have 2 little kids so I just attribute it to that.
  
    I take Effexor 150mg, vitamin d 1000 IUs (after low diagnosed in June), magnesium supplement, fish oil, and tumeric.
  
    I went to my pcp in june for the weight and constipation. TSH - 0.94 FT4 - 0.7 (L) T4 total - 4.9 (L) FT3 - 2.1 (L) T3 total - 70 Vitamin D - 25 Total cholesterol - 236 LDL - 137
  
    This was weird to me bc TSH is normal, on the LOW end of normal! Wouldn’t it be on the high end for subclinical? I also never had high cholesterol before, maybe bc of high protein low carb diet so I switched that up. Anyways my pcp thought bc of my sxs he prescribed me 25 mcg of synthroid. I took it for 3 weeks and just started to feel like my constipation was improving towards the end of the third week but I got hesitant to take a lifelong med so I stopped it. (I’m a bad patient I know!) I’m taking 1,000 IU vit d daily.
  
    I decided to go to endo specialist for this to see what he said. By then I had been off thyroid meds for like 8 weeks. Here are repeat labs 10/31
  
    Total cholesterol - 204 LDL - 115 Vit D -28 FT4 - 0.7 Free T4 index - 1.1 T4 total - 3.8 Thyroglobulin - 2.9 TBG (THYROXINE BINDING GLOBULIN) - 28.3 normal? Idk what this is TSH - 1.32 FT3 - 2.9 T3 total - 84 T3 uptake 29% THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODIES <1 THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES -1 Vit B12 - 321 AM cortisol 11.9 Normal thyroid ultrasound.
  
    He wants to start me on a higher dose of synthroid.
  
    My questions are:
  


    Could I just be off and slowly get back to euthyroid function on my own without meds?
  


    Why is TSH normal?
  


    Could vitamin d be messing all of this up?
  


    Will I have to be on synthroid forever?
  


    If you’ve made it this far, THANK YOU!!!

Article: Sorry got title wrong so repost
  
    Female 26 years old White british 5'6 and roughly 10 st Non smoker No current meds
  
    So I've been to the gp today and they want to take bloods and a stool sample to check to see if I have IBD. My mother has pan colitis , grandmother ibs.
  
    My symptoms currently are mild I'd say.
  
    Random episodes of upset stomach ( loose stools ), not massively regular but regular enough to feel like " oh this again" Bleeding sometimes but not all the time when having a bowel moment. Also pain sometimes.
  
    No hemorrhoids but I do have a polyp o have recently noticed.
  
    Aside from that I also seem to be in a near constant battle with the skin on my hands flaring up. They get painfully sore , dry and crack, get tiny blisters . I use gloves all the time but it doesn't seem to matter.
  
    I also have scalp psoriasis.
  
    Dr today was reluctant to say anything after an examination and stated they wanted to wait for the tests to come back first.
  
    I guess I'm just after some more opinions on what could be going on and if other practitioners think the same .

Article: Male, 33, 70kg, 1.72m Allergic to dust and pollen (both mild)
  
Main symptoms

    Stuffy nose that won't completely to away. Headaches (probably due to the sinuses being blocked). Itchinesa around eyes, nose, throat. Post nasal drip.
  
    Symptoms much worse lying down.
  
    Lasting for three-four months so far, with varying intensity. Currently pretty bad.
  
    Symptoms lessen significantly when not home.
  
    No prior history of such symptoms.
  
Medicines Tried

    Fexofenadine Hydrochloride 180mg tables - Helps with the itchiness. Mometasone Furoate Nasal Spray - No effect Sudafed (xylometazoline hydrochloride) spray - Clears sinuses
  
    None work permanently, they just make me feel better for a while.
  
Supporting Information

    Nothing has changed around the house that could have introduced something new I didn't know I'm allergic to.
  
    As mention above, taking allergy medications helps with the itchiness, but had no effect on the sinuses. Post nasal drip (or at least feels like it) is constant,with varying severity.
  
    When I leave the house for a holiday, most recently a two weeks away, symptoms went away. I also feel better when out of the house.
  
    Currently ventilating the house, having windows open most of the time, seeing if that helps flush out whatever is irritating me in the house. Also suspecting humidity? I dry clothes indoors indoors, trying to see if symptoms get worse when I have clothes drying or not.
  
    Will see a doctor on the 22nd this month.
  
Questions

    Any idea what this could be?
  
    I would bet this is an allergy, but I'm worried that the alergy medicine is not working for my sinuses. Could humidity cause such such symptoms?

Article: 39f
  
    Hoping someone can tell me if this looks normal or not or at least label what’s been scanned. Where actually is my cervix?
  
https://ibb.co/SyJk9P9

    Thanks

Article: Sex: F Age: 22 Height and weight: 5’4, 140 lbs Medications: combined birth control pill Medical conditions: none
  
    I suddenly developed motion sickness within approximately the last year-ish. Prior to this, I have never in my life had a problem with motion sickness. I used to travel a lot, and I’ve flown on 30+ planes with zero issues. I was a lover of roller coasters. Motion just never seemed to bother me until last year, when I started to feel weird when I went in elevators. When the elevator would start or stop moving, I would feel this strange dizzy-like sensation in my head.
  
    Then, a few months ago, I flew on a plane for the first time in a couple years. It was an awful experience- I got extremely dizzy when the plane took off. It was the same feeling that I get on elevators, but 10x more intense. The dizziness made me feel sick to my stomach. The dizziness and nausea finally subsided once the initial take-off was over and we steady in the air. However, anytime there was even mild turbulence or the plane suddenly “dropped”, the dizzy feeling came back. I have never experienced this before. Like I said, I have always flown with no issues. Interestingly, I felt fine when the plane descended; it was mainly the take-off that bothered me a lot. The plane ride back home was even worse. This time, I tried taking a non-drowsy Dramamine, but it did absolutely nothing. I felt even more dizzy than I did on the way there. Additionally, the dizziness was accompanied by tingling and numbness in both of my hands. It was so bad that I was unable to move them during take off.
  
    It seems like sudden acceleration could be the issue. I am usually fine when driving in cars, except when the car suddenly goes very fast. For instance, there have been a couple instances in the last year where I have been a passenger in a car and if the driver starts accelerating suddenly, I get that weird woozy feeling. But prior to the last year, this never was an issue. I’m just wondering if it is normal to develop motion sickness out of the blue, or could it be indicative of a more serious problem? Any advice would be appreciated.

Article: So a little backstory first. In April 2021 I took a 10 mg Sativa edible. It's been a long time since I've done marijuana but I thought 10mg was low enough that it wouldn't cause an issue. A few hours later, I went home and my wife was unloading things she bought from Ikea. I carried in a bookshelf and after bending over to put it on the ground and standing up, I had a MAJOR heart palpitation. I felt it from my head to my toes. Immediately I started panicking. I have a blood pressure cuff and took my blood pressure. It was around 160 over 95 and my heart rate was around 120. My normal BP is usually 120 over 80 and around 80 bpm. So it sent me further into panic mode. I looked up if THC could cause heart problems but was assured that it couldn't. I was eventually able to go to sleep and woke up fine the next morning.
  
    Fast forward to the following saturday and I had another round of panic, High BP, and high bpm. At this point I figured the THC has to be out of my system and that I was having a true cardiac issue. Went to the ER and was checked out. No triponen in my system or any sign of any cardiac distress. Aside from some elevated triglycerides, I was very healthy for a 40 year old. Was released in a couple of hours and went home. Had fits of the same panic and chest pains for the following week. Exactly one week later on a Saturday, I had the same panic attack. Went to a different hospital that is known as the local "heart hospital" and got the exact same results.
  
    Prior to this incident and ever since I have yearly checkups with my cardiologist as my family is rife with cardiac issues. Subsequently, all of my followups with my cardiologist since then have been unremarkeable. My levels are always excellent (some even better than the average for a 40 year old male). I have a calcium scoring of 0. My EKG and stress EKGs are always perfect. Aside from a slightly high resting bpm of the 80's, I'm far healthier heart wise than any of my predecessors.
  
    One other issue that I've had in the past is heartburn. Typically, my heartburn would manifest as just that, a burning in the chest. Ever since this incident, my heartburn manifests as a rapid heartrate, pounding in my chest, and otherwise cardiological response. I've had an endoscopy done and found out that I have a hiatal hernia and GERD. I try extremely hard to manage my diet but the GERD diet is very, very restrictive. Especially for someone who enjoys the burger and fries. And what's harder to accept is that prior to this edible incident, my heartburn wouldn't be NEARLY as debilitating as it is now.
  
    One last thing of note is that at the time of taking the edible I was taking Buproprion and Buspirone for anxiety and depression. I thought maybe the THC would help but apparently a rare occurance of serotonine overdose can occur but I question if 10mg would really cause that to happen. I wasn't taking a considerable dose of the prescription meds at the time.
  
    So, any ideas? My primary doctor is instructing to just go full bore on a bland diet for 6 months to a year. One thing that did help was in May I went full carnivore and noticed a huge improvement in my overall health. I spoke with my cardiologist and she thinks it would be a good idea to go back onto it and monitor my levels closely. I know some elimination diets can help narrow down the culprits. But I just find it so wierd how gastro processes are manifesting as cardio issues.
  
    edit: I forgot to add that I did a heart halter monitor for 1 week with no abnormal remarks as well.

Article: hello! i’m a 19 year old female, who is currently suffering from anorexia nervosa and amenorrhea. i am technically a normal weight however. so i have recently discovered (since part of anorexia is being extremely hyper aware of my body) that whenever i wake up early (5-7am) and go to work, i get extremely bloated. my stomach feels full and it’s extended/pudgy feeling without eating anything. however, if i wake up later and don’t work or work out, my stomach stays flat and tight. no matter what i eat, my stomach blows up during these days too. i feel like it’s important to add that i don’t eat late, soo i don’t think it has much to do with digestion unless i’m wrong? i would really like some relief from this bloating and puffy water retention, but i’m not sure of its causes. soo if anybody has any answer or has experienced this please help!

Article: I'm 31M, 220 weight and 6'1. Currently on Eliquis 5mg for life and thc edibles
  
    I while back I had a dvt and was told I have an atrophic IVC, which caused the clots. I started eliquis and will have to take it for life. After starting eliquis I had microscopic hematuria and the below ct scan was order to investigate. Is there anything worrisome about this result?
  
    CT ABDOMEN, CT ABDOMEN PELVIS ENHANCED
  
    CLINICAL HISTORY: Microscopic hematuria with possible hx of lynch syndrome.
  
    Findings:
  
    No prior exam is available for comparison.
  
    The left kidney is markedly atrophic and demonstrates scarring. There are right cortical medullary renal cysts. Spleen, left adrenal, pancreas, gallbladder and biliary tree are normal. No worrisome liver lesions are identified. There is benign calcification present adjacent to the right adrenal. No worrisome adrenal mass is seen. There is marked atrophy present involving the inferior vena cava extending to the level of the hepatic veins. Coarse linear calcifications identified involving the cava at the level of the liver and there are linear calcifications present within the right common and left common iliac veins. Numerous collaterals are identified throughout the pelvis and retroperitoneum. In addition there are prominent lumbar veins present bilaterally as well as a prominent azygos and hemiazygos vein.
  
    The large and small bowel demonstrate normal caliber. Prostate is normal. The seminal vesicles are symmetric. There is no evidence of an upper tract urothelial neoplasm. No focal bladder lesion is identified.
  
    There are no aggressive skeletal lesions. Lung bases are clear..
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    NO UPPER TRACT UROTHELIAL NEOPLASM.
  


    VENOUS CHANGES WITH COLLATERALS AS DESCRIBED. THESE FINDINGS MAY RELATE TO CHRONIC THROMBOSIS. CONGENITAL INFERIOR VENA CAVA ATRESIA IS FELT TO BE LESS LIKELY.

Article: 29 Y.O Male, 5'8, ~180lbs, White
  
    Primary complaint: Pain in left arm, mostly in my bicep; Random muscle twitches; anxiety/depression
  
    I've recently started experiencing muscle twitches in random spots, mostly in my calves and arms. They were popping up in random areas last week, but now they've pretty much only been in my left bicep and calves every so often.My other complaint is my arm pain. The other week I was stretching and felt a weird sensation down my left arm. Now, my bicep feels sore periodically and twitches on and off throughout the day. I want to believe I'm guarding and there's a bit of upset nerve in the area but idk.
  
    I have no weakness or visible muscle loss, and my paranoia has me checking it every night before bed.
  
    I'm getting to the point where Its depressing me and affecting my mood. I am in grad school with loads of stress as is, and I can't seem to shake this fear. Any input is appreciated!

Article: I got a burn on my left inner arm that got infected i was put on an SSD cream and i also am taking a antbiotic cephenix 1000 mg twice a day  today it looks like bubbles are stating to form and it hurts  i am a 67 year old female  is this normal for a burn  has anyone else dealt with this

Article: I’ve been struggling with daily brain fog for about two years that makes me feel fatigued with a tingling headache between my eyes. Would any of this blood work from a CBC indicate why? I’m a 31 year old female.
  
    MCV 78.2 MCH 26.7 MCHC 34.1 Iron 60 %saturation%(calc) 17 Ferritin 34 Vitamin D 41 Hemoglobin 13

Article: I 27 female, have a question about my 6 year old males lab results.
  
    My 6yo son just got some testing done to figure out why he’s sick more than everyone else in the house as well as his peers. They did a CBC with differential, CBC with PLT, TSH, IgA, IgG, IgM, CMP, and sed rate. He was healthy (no symptoms of anything at this appointment, but had been sick for almost the entire month of October, half of September, and half of August). TSH, CBC with PLT, and Ig’s all came back within normal range (although WBC is verging on low and platelets are verging on high). His sed rate is elevated and considered high for their lab, creatinine is low (was low when he had an MRI in August as well) and bilirubin is low. His reactive lymphs are also high. Is there any specific further testing I should be asking for. I understand the beginning of the school year there’s more sickness, this is not about that. He’s like this year round, it wasn’t until he started missing a lot more school due to being sick (almost 20 days already) than his preschooler aged brother (who has only missed two) hat I realized that it’s really not good how often he’s sick. And he also gets everything more severely than everyone else other than maybe me (mom), especially respiratory illnesses.
  
    Some family history, his bio-dad has an autoimmune but I’m not sure what kind. I just had my own allergy testing done and my IgE is low but they didn’t tell me if I need further testing for that. My brother has Type 1 diabetes, my grandmother passed from leukemia on my fathers side, and my uncle on my mothers side has childhood leukemia but survived it.

Article: I’ve (f24)(cigarette smoker)(5’5 ft)(~158lbs)(currently not on any meds) noticed this rash on my right hip some days ago, it is not itchy, hasn’t spread to any other parts of my body, nor on my boyfriend’s. I do have a history of moderate-severe eczema, but it’s been under control for a couple of years.
  
    The pics shown below show the progression of the rash: first and second photo are from Friday, second picture shows how it looked like after showering and applying CeraVe on it, third pic is today (Monday) after waking up.
  
    I’ve been applying CeraVe moisturizer on it, and it’s become less red, more dry, but the size doesn’t seem to be decreasing. Still no itchiness/new spots.
  
    I switched my body wash from a fragrance free aveeno soap, to an equate-dove knock off that IS scented because they didn’t have my usual available last time I went grocery shopping, other than that there has been no change in my skin routine. Weather has become colder where I live, and I’ve been under a bit more stress than usual. I don’t have pets, nor have been in contact with any animals as of late, or been in contact with anyone that has any skin infections. Curse fomites though!!!
  
    I have contamination OCD (diagnosed) (I do wash my hands more than a normal person) which immediately made my head jump to some type of infection (i.e ringworm, staph, etc) this of course has been making me have a really tough time to say the least :’(
  
    An opinion would be nice to keep me a bit sane until my dec 18th appt w a dermatologist.
  
    Thankssss :’(

Article: Hi! Asking about my son (2yo, male) who was diagnosed with iron deficiency anemia earlier this year. We’ve always really liked our pediatrician and the care he provides, so I’m not sure how to navigate this. Sorry for wall of text. I am really hoping for guidance here!
  
    Events start from April this year (16 months old at this time) We’re in daycare so picking up illness left and right. However, at that time my little guy was feeling terrible, I could just tell something was off. Doc said he didn’t share my concern but ordered CBC and blood culture anyway. Culture negative, but diagnosed severe anemia.
  


    HCT 29.1 range 32-45
  


    HGB 9.3 range 11.1-14.5 They say he’s sick right now, let’s retest labs in about a month when feeling better. No problem.
  


    June- recheck HGB in their office - 10.6, still low. They send order to outside lab
  


    ferritin level is 24, range is 30-400
  


    HGB 10.6
  


    HCT is normal We start liquid iron 30mg per day at that time.
  


    Recheck in August.
  


    HGB 11.3
  


    PLT are low
  


    Odd results that concerns the Dr.
  


    myelocytes, stomatocytes, micro and macrocytes, smudge cells, moderate hypochromia. He says we could have cell destruction, or his body is rapidly spitting out new cells in circulation since starting the liquid  iron. He reorders CBC with a retic count - we go back in 2 days later. The results are better and “cleaner”. Continue the supplement.
  


    HGB 11.1, RBC count is normal, retic count normal
  


    We recheck at his 2 year check up. October 23rd - HGB result is 10.2. He asks if we have family history of Thalassemia (no). Orders more tests and says he is concerned about why it’s showing low again.
  


    TSH is normal
  


    HGB 11
  


    RBC 4.69, retic is normal level
  


    HCT near low end of normal
  


    Ferritin is 40.5 range is 30-400
  


    UIBC is 331 range is 29-91
  


    Iron is 24 range is 50-100
  


    HGB Fractionation Cascade is all WNL, but the note from lab says this doesn’t test for ALPHA thalassemia. I wondered if they would add that test on, but no.
  


    Nurse calls to say that test results are mostly fine but showing low iron reserves so continue supplement for 2 more months then stop the supplement. No change to dosage. Very confused by this, why would we stop? His levels keep teetering between truly low and low end of normal range - despite being on liquid supplements. Should we get a second (general) pediatric opinion or ask for a referral to hematologist? Thank you!

Article: I am 29 years old male. I have pimple between ear and jawline due to which lymph node swallow.but it decreases after 2 to 3 days but not completly gone. Is anything serious?

Article: i’m a 21m who’s very concerned about cancer i’m 6ft 130 pounds i do not smoke or drink and i do not take any medications for anything there is mo family history of colon cancer as far as i know the symptoms i’ve experienced are as follows
  
    stuffy nose for months
  
    random stomach pains after a bowel movement and sometimes before
  
    my stools aren’t one solid color there’s multiple colors in them i’ve even seen blue in it before
  
    i saw what i believe to be blood a couple times
  
    the stool doesn’t fully come out it gets stuck
  
    i’ve been to the doctor and he did a rectal exam and a cbc everything was normal he said but the fact that my stools are never one solid color really concerns me please let me know if i should be concerned and if this sounds like cancer thank you

Article: Hello all,
  
    I am 22 male, 165 lbs, 5’8
  
    Had ear trouble my whole life. Docs finally decided to put tubes in. Got out of the procedure about an hour ago. Forgot to ask them if I can use my gaming headset and AirPods

Article: https://ibb.co/album/pjQWjv

    This bump has shown up on my armpit about a week and a half ago, it’s very small, smaller than my fingertip. I’m 21 male and have no smoking history and am not on medication, my weight is around 180pounds and i’m about 5’4-5’5. it’s soft and hurts a bit when I touch it but that’s it, it hasn’t grown or anything during the week i’ve noticed it’s existence.
  
    I don’t know what it is and I’m worried, any help?

Article: 36F, 210 lbs
  
    Meds - Tylenol, Excedrin, or ibuprofen for pain daily since I was about 12, methocarbamol, LDN, Allegra twice a day, vit d, ginger and tumeric, two gi meds for reflux, phosphatidylserine, magnesium glycinate
  
    I was on cymbalta tried for four months for nerve pain and gained 35 lbs so I quit taking it.
  
    Never smoked, drink wine occasionally maybe 2 glasses a month rarely hard liquor.
  
    Please help me figure out what's going on. I've been in pain practically my whole life but the last two years have had a huge increase in symptoms. I also had two children (just turned 5 and 2). Some symptoms started after getting the second c vax (a lot of the rashes, skin pain, and low grade fevers) and I had the flu and covid 3 weeks apart that just knocked me out completely.  This testing started 7/22 (when I had covid).
  
    Recent test from neurologist these were the high results -
  
    Leukocytes - 3.4-9.6 - 10.9 Neutrophils - 1.56-6.45 - 7.56 Hemoglobin - 11.6-15 - 16 Hematocrit - 35.5 -44.9 - 44.9 Calcium - 8.6-10-10.1 Alanine Aminotransferase - 7-45 - 52 Antinuclear ab, S - <=1 negative - 2.7 Phospholipid ab - <15 negative - 18.5
  
    Two previous positive ANA. Negative lupus. Antiphospholipid was positive from the hematologist but I've never had clotting that I know of Chronic EBV Failed tilt table test - 82 laying down up to 118 up and back to 83 within a minute of laying down T wave abnormality Had a nodule on thyroid and was on a low dose meds for hashimotos but it disappeared like four years later and my levels are normal
  
    Rhuem diagnosed hEDS and relapsing polychondritis, Neurologist said I didn't quite pass the test for hEDS Immunologist thinks MCAS but tryptase came back normal GI - duodenum shows moderate inflammation and erosion but blood tests negative celiac
  
    Symptoms off and on over the last two years - Brain fog, skin rashes and hives, very sensitive skin in general like everything hurts, low grade fevers, hair loss, erythromyalgia multiple times a day, swelling and redness on my left earlobe and face, joint pain including intense stabbing, bad muscle cramps, worsened GI symptoms always nauseated and bloated, light headed, buzzing and humming throughout body, fatigue, PEM, worsened migraines, worse anxiety, just generally unwell
  
    My whole life (I remember headaches and general pain/fatigue from around 7, first sinus surgery at 12) - urinary retention issues, migraines, muscle and joint pain and spasms, gi issues, 4 times of extreme fatigue, trouble sleeping, erythromyalgia symptoms in hands and feet a couple times a year, off and on anxiety, reflux, tmj pain, bruise easily
  
    I was also a gymnast as a kid and was in a car accident where my head hit the windshield at 12 which caused worse neck pain and headaches
  
    Mom has had a stroke, dad and uncle had diabetes both passed in their 50s without autopsy, both parents high BP, both grandmas and mom osteoporosis, many have thyroid issues and arthritis issues, brother has x factor 12

Article: Honestly I don't know why if it's a good idea to post this in here. Everyone in my life, including my therapist, says that is just a psychosomatic issue that will go away eventually. But I just can't stand it any more, I feel as though my body is shooting down.
  
    It all sort of started last year, at the end of the semester, I started to have intense pain on my limbs, my legs and feet especially. It got to a point where it was really hard to walk. This was followed with extreme fatigue that would make me dizzie and blur my eyesight. Then by nausa and very frequent episodes of diarrhea that made me lose 4k, making me borderline underweight.
  
    I did a couple of tests, including X-rays and blood tests, but other than lacking some vitamin D everything was completely normal. This made me feel horribly insecure, as if I was becoming a hypochondriac. But I managed to go to a couple of doctors that pointed me to a reumatologist that diagnosed me with Fibromyalgia, after getting this diagnosis I started to try everything the doctor recommended me to try to feel better. But nothing has really worked, I excercise twice a week, I take vitamins and supplements, I'm on antidepressants that are supposed to pump up my seretonin levels and changed my diet multiple times.
  
    But I don't really feel any better, if anything, I think I'm getting worse. I suffer from extreme ice pick migraines everyday, when I can I sleep over 12 hours, my muscles twitch uncontrollably, I have chest and abdominal pain at night time, neck stiffness, ringing ears, the diarrhea continued to a point that in the bad days I sometimes can't hold it in, and I also started to urinate extremely frequently, and it has gotten to the point where I also can't control it.
  
    The urine is clear, almost colorless and I feel the need to urinate almost always. The places in my abdomen where I think my bladder and kidney are hurt sometimes when I go to the bathroom. This strangely enough, is along side of extreme thirst, but I don't think I'm retaining any water because I would have to go to the restroom at least three times just during the span of drinking a 500ml water bottle. A nutritionist told me that I was maybe low on sodium, so I started drinking more electrolytes and salty lemonade, but still nothing has changed. I already got my urine tested and as always, the test came back normal, saying that there's nothing wrong with me and ruling out a UTI and a kidney infection, so I guess that is good.
  
    I'll admit, some days are better than others, and some days I'm able to ignore the symptoms completely, other that having to go to the bathroom more than usual. But most of the days are agony, it feels like I'm dying. I was thinking about going to a neurologist, but when I told my psychiatrist about this he told me that it was just going to be another waste of money and time. That the tests will come back with nothing unusual. He said that I just need to accept that all I have is a psychosomatic/reumatological problem and that I just have to hold on and it'll get better over time, when I'm psychologically better. I think that I'm getting psychologically better, but physically I still feel sick. I don't know what to do, I'm afraid of spending a lit of money fir a neurologist just to have it come out that there's nothing wrong with me, and that I'm just a crazy hypochondriac.

Article: 35F, no meds, 5'7, 160lbs, PMH mild sleep apnea, anemia, right bundle branch block. I'd like a second opinion from a different cardiologist about some Cardiac stuff before I try to get pregnant.
  
    Would my first cardiologist know that I was getting a second opinion if I set up an appointment with another doctor? I would probably stick with her if family planning wasn't on the table, but I just want another set of eyes on some test results before I jump into something that could put my health at risk.
  
    She was a coworker of mine in the past and I would just rather not have her know that I went to see someone else.
  
    Thanks!

Article: Is it a UTI or something else?
  
    Hello just a little background. I am a 24 year old Male, 5’9 and currently in Europe on vacation. Since last week before my vacation,  I started having some pain around my right lower quadrant. Slowly that shifted to the left side and kept feeling it build but didn’t think much of it. I then noticed the smell of my urine was off and it was darker than usual. It also felt extremely hot when I peed. Yesterday I started feeling groin pain on the left and right sides close to my hips as well as pain right underneath my belly button as well as lower back. I received an online subscription for antibiotics and already took one pill this morning. Could this be a UTI or something different? Just a little anxious about all this because I’ve never felt anything like this before. I just started developing pain underneath my left rib cage. It’s a sharp pain.

Article: Iam 17M, 5’6 and 127 Ibs. Not sure what this is. Ive been sick since yesterday with a horrible headache, body aches, and a sore throat. Iam negative for covid, and the flu.    Blew my nose and this weird red clump came out. As for as I know, its not mucus because it doesnt seem to be slimy and it doesnt behave as mucus should (retains original shape)

Article: Age: 36
  
    Sex: f
  
    Weight: 180 lb
  
    Height: 5’6
  
    Conditions: high blood pressure, adhd, ocd, anxiety, depression
  
    Meds: lebetalol, Escitalopram, abilify, Atomoxetine
  
    Complaint: eye twitches when I touch it.
  
    For the past week, whenever I touch my eye, it twitches. It lasts 10-15 seconds. It also twitches occasionally when I don’t touch it. If I don’t touch it, it twitches 10ish times per day. It is just my right eye.

Article: 23
  
    Male
  
    5ft 9in
  
    140lb
  
    Woke up today with eye redness in one of my eyes. It doesn’t hurt but it was causing concern as it’s been a good amount of time today and the redness hasn’t gone down. I texted my eye doctor friend and she doesn’t think it’s pink eye, but it could be CLARE? Which I never heard of. I wanted to see if anyone else had an opinion on it and whether I should be worried. I just bought some refresh eye drops to use. I do wear contacts and I took them out. The only discomfort I’m feeling is a slight pressure sometimes, but other than that it’s not bothering me as much. I’ll attach a link of my eye HERE

Article: i’m 15F; 5ft 5 & weigh 43.4kg. last wednesday i got my weight taken & this was it. all i eat in a day is my dinner & breakfast of a pancake & i walk between 10-15k steps everyday. i went out on saturday & i had a 3 course meal but all i ate on sunday was my dinner & today i only ate my breakfast but on the car-ride to the doctors my dad forced me to eat a chocolate bar(250 cals) and to drink lucozade(4 cal); and somehow my weight is now. 44kg. i just don’t get it; i haven’t been overeating or binging and i hate eating before weigh ins but today my dad forced me to i was using a different scale but i don’t get it. to gain one pound you need to eat 3500 calories & i did not do that on any day at all. i’m so sick of this

Article: For some context: I broke my nose as a child and now at 28 years old I’m trying to correct my nose and fix my breathing. The first septoplasty I had a year ago was unsuccessful. After the splints/casts were taken off, my nose started to heal/move in the wrong/old direction and my breathing worsened again over time. Recently I had a revision septoplasty with removal of concha bullosa and my nose started to heal in the old/wrong direction again although not as bad as the first time according to my surgeon. I have followed all recovery instructions, slept reclined, didn’t touch/injure my nose, etc but my problem seems to remain the same.
  
    I really don’t want to keep undergoing surgery for this and possibly cause lifelong issues from surgery complications. My surgeon is saying my nose isn’t as straight as it was post surgery but it’s still “decent” and that it’s still too early to say anything since I’m a bit less than a month post-op.
  
    What could be causing my nose to re-deviate? I understand that surgeries being unsuccessful is always a possibility but for it to happen twice in a row seems like something else is wrong. I don’t want to blame my surgeon out of ignorance because he has many excellent reviews and was really professional and seemed competent. It’s just that sometimes when I ask my surgeon a question he seemed reluctant to answer me and says something else like “let’s wait and see” or “can’t say much at this point”… etc

Article: 35F Any medical pros know why my BP would be on average 30 points lower now? I was consistently always 120's over 70's and now I'm 90's (92) over 60's. I feel like crap.
  
    I'm getting blood work done, etc. and I know 90's can be ok for some people but it's not my norm. What would cause a consistent drop like this? I do also have orthostatic hypotension
  
    I don't take meds except meclizine as needed for vertigo. No heart issues. No diabetes. Blood panels have been "normal" all past draws.

Article: I'm 20M, take no regular medication nor am I diagnosed with any illness.
  
    I've recently been especially concerned as they've been growing in number and area. To best explain it, I've had these white bumps on my penis for a few years now, but never thought much of it as I though they were Fordyce spots. At first, they did look like that: colourless (skin tone), barely noticeable to the eye. As time went on, they started to have this white look to them, and today they look as white as ever. (I'm unable to add an attachment, I apologise.)
  
    I went to the doctor before who prescribed me an antifungal cream to apply twice a day, with the recommendation to wash my penis thoroughly before application, and to always dry it down properly. (This wasn't a dermatologist.) I did take the treatment for a while but I gave up, as it didn't really help. Ever since I have not tried anything else.
  
    I must add all my vaccines are up to date, and all of my blood tests come clear.
  
    Is talking to a dermatologist the best option here? I appreciate your time and any advice you could give me.

Article: 10 days ago I started having diarrhea and cramps, I couldn’t explain why because I was careful with what I ate. During the first days it was bad I had to wake up early in the morning to go to the toilet. On 7th day I started doing the following:
  


    drinking a lot of mint tea
  


    taking 5 drops of liquid propolis every day
  


    took a teaspoon of cocoa raw once
  


    ate toast and bananas and soup and rice only
  


    no sugar for 2 days
  


    taking one Imodium once a day
  


    Now it is the 10th day since I have this problem. Compared to the beginning, I no longer have diarrhea that wakes me up. I only feel the need to go once a day but the stool is still a little too soft.
  
    The main issue is the stomach ache and cramps which seem to be stronger than in the beginning. Nauseous in the morning after eating breakfast but didn’t throw up.
  
    Otherwise I feel fine - full energy, no weakness, no dehydration. If it’s worth mentioning I have an irregular sleep schedule where I sleep at 4-5 AM and wake up around noon every day (still 7+ hours of sleep)
  
    I noticed that before this issue started, I did the following things the day before:
  


    started eating sunflower seeds after 2 years
  


    started taking vitamin D after 10 months
  


    ate persimmons for the first time this year
  


    ate Cadbury chocolate for the first time in my life
  


    I stopped all of them on my 7th day.
  
    ——————
  
    Age: 24 years old
  
    Gender: Male
  
    Weight: 68 kg
  
    Height: 183 cm
  
    Allergies: none
  
    Other (unrelated) issues: Chest and sternum pain

Article: [M27] “Migrating” wound in between upper lip and gum
  
    About me: Male, 27, USA. 5’ 10”, 220 lbs, Non-smoker, occasionally drink.
  
    I woke up Saturday morning with a sore spot where my upper gums and inner lip meet. It feels roughly like a canker sore, but it would bleed when I brushed it. Because of the angle, I can neither see it or get a picture of it.
  
    At that time, it was approximately 1.5 cm right of the center of my mouth. As of Sunday, I thought I noticed that it had moved slightly, but this morning, i feel it near my second molar, still in between lip and gum. I feel no scarring or remaining abrasion where the wound originally rose up or along the path it “traveled.”
  
    My teeth feel fine. I have no toothaches, nothing is loose, and my teeth are in good shape. I’m just a bit weirded out that this wound seems to be progressively moving—not expanding, just wandering.
  
    I had some cheese and crackers on Friday and thought maybe the cracker cut my gum at some point, but that—to me—doesn’t explain the moving. Please, any explanation would help.
  
    Thanks in advance.

Article: Hello doctors! I am a 28 year old male from South East Asia. Due to my mother's health scare I developed anxiety and began showing physical symptoms like chest pain. I just got done taking my EKG and Echo. On my EKG, it said borderline sinus rythm and Incomplete Right Bundle Block. On my Echo, it showed Myxomatous Mitral Valve with trace Mitral Regurgitation and mild Tricuspid Regurgitation. The doctor said it was nothing to worry about but I am worried nonetheless. Is my symptoms related to my diagnosis or is it caused by my anxiety. Is having myxomatous mitral valve common? Should I be worried about my diagnosis? Like if the mitral valve can degenerate further? Thank you and good day!

Article: I'm 14m 200lbs 5'7  been overweight my whole life I learned if it goes undiagnosed for a long time you can get barrets am I fine? I'm gonna go get checked soon but I'm on a trip for a little bit also I have this chronic cough it's just a little cough but sometimes when I breathe I feel coughing and Everytime I eat breakfast I feel throwing up

Article: I’m writing this post for my wife as she doesn’t use reddit, she gave me all the details/pictures and permission to post.
  
    She is 40F, latest BP is 109/77 and I’m attaching a list of her current meds at the end. For the blood clot, about 5/6 weeks ago she had extreme worsening pain in her left leg with swelling and the rash I will give details about later. She went to the ER where they found a blood clot in her right leg. She had been spending a lot of time in hospital waiting rooms and sleeping on chairs because of a sick relative which she thinks may have contributed to it. The ER Dr prescribed a blood thinner, and she made an appt with a hematologist for a follow up.
  
    So some background, she has had restless legs when she sleeps for years, no rls diagnosis (it takes a lot for her to see a Dr for something). She actually said since these recent treatments since the blood clot it’s gotten better. She went gluten free about 5 years ago and it’s largely stopped her headaches and now when she eats gluten it messes with her system and she gets a headache. She said her menstruation is normal.
  
    Maybe 6 months ago she was complaining to me that her left leg was numb from the shin down, she wouldn’t see a dr about it and eventually she said it wasn’t numb anymore. Then maybe 3 months ago she started getting rashes on her legs, moreso on the left one. I’m attaching a picture from today because the rash never went away. https://ibb.co/album/cX6vyM She says usually it’s not painful at all or itchy, she bruises easily in general and it kind of looks like bruises but it’s not. But when her left leg got painful and swollen before the ER she doesn’t know if it was the rash that was painful or if it was something else. Her right leg (that has/had the clot) almost never bothers her and the rash is less intense than the left.
  
    Ok so the Hemotologist had her continue the blood thinners and took blood work. Her iron, iron saturation, and ferritin were all very low. Which I think explains a lot, she’s very fatigued a lot, has no energy after work (around 25 hrs a week fast food) and spends a lot of her time in bed resting. This has been for at least a few years now but getting worse and worse. So the Dr. had her do 4 weeks of iron infusions (once a week) then come back. She did the infusions, saw a very slight boost in energy levels but not much else. 1 week after the last infusion they took her blood work again and her iron levels were nearly unchanged from the first blood tests. This was last week btw, they did a CBC w/ differential/platelet and a comp. Metabolic panel. These were the items with alerts for high/low: iron 19 low, iron saturation 5 alert low, hemoglobin 9.5 low, hematocrit 31.6 low, mcv 71 low, Mch 21.4 low, mchc 30.1 low, rdw 16.6 high, everything else was within normal range.
  
    She is supposed to schedule an ultrasound to check on the clot and then see the hematologist again in 2 weeks. In the meantime she is supposed to take iron supplements and continue blood thinners. We are concerned that the iron is so low still after 4 weeks of infusions. And her energy levels are back to super low again and the rash never went away. She was already dealing with anxiety/depression and has anxiety around doctors so all of this has just been really taxing on her. Especially worrying about the clot breaking loose, but hopefully the ultrasound will show it has been dissolved.
  
    Shouldn’t there be an underlying reason for most of these symptoms? Something that can be treated? She’s not sure what she’s supposed to be doing to get better and just waiting on appt after appt is expensive and stressful. I’m worried she’s going to just stop going if they can’t help her soon, and the medical bills are stacking up (we are low income). Please let me know if you need any more information.
  
    Medication list:
  
    Zoloft 200mg
  
    Clonazepam 1mg  (2x/day)
  
    Focalin 40mg
  
    Eliquis 5mg (2x/day)
  
    Nexium 20mg (2x/day)
  
    Zinc 30mg
  
    Iron 26mg
  
    Womens multivitamin gummies
  
    Pre and probiotics: Pre 33mg Pro 1.5 g
  
    Edit: I realized I should probably add to my post that she had one of those stomach stapling surgeries about 10 years ago, not sure which kind. She can only eat and drink small amounts at a time. I’ve wondered if she has problems absorbing nutrients since that can be a long term side effect. She is a little overweight though so she is getting enough calories but maybe not getting the right nutrients. She did say she gained about 5 lbs recently. She is 5’0” and about 140lbs I think.

Article: 29F, height 5 ft, weight 137, issue: chest pain, elevated pancreatic enzymes, do not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes, no medications are currently being taken.
  
    Last night I was in the hospital for chest pain and then blood work revealed I had elevated pancreatic enzymes (which ended up being nothing). I had to get a CT scan done. The machine started and instructed me to breathe in and then took a picture then instructed me to breathe out, suddenly the machine stopped. The radiologist said she didn’t know what happened and that we had to move to a different room and use the other machine. She also could not lower the bed back down I’m guessing because the machine just stopped.
  
    What the heck happened and was it dangerous? I’ve read a story of the machines malfunctioning and spewing out tons of radiation on the people being given the scan. Do you think it’s possible something like that happened in this situation? Another thing is like to add is BEFORE the malfunctioning of the machine and BEFORE any contrast was given I suddenly felt a warm pricking feel on my legs. I am aware that the contrast dye will give you a warm sensation and make you feel as if you have to pee but this was not that sensation, this was before the dye was administered via the IV.
  
    My concern here is excessive radiation exposure. Do you think this machine was faulty and possibly exposed me to an unsafe amount of radiation? What would be the signs of this? Would warning lights have flashed on and off? Would an alarm have gone off? Would I have major physical symptoms?
  
    Also, how likely is it that the machine malfunction in such a way that it would spew out tons of unsafe radiation onto me? I’m just trying to figure out what the heck happened and why the machine just stopped mid imaging and why she couldn’t lower the bed back down. Thank you!

Article: 67,  female, no medications, non smoker, no medical problems currently.. I have always had these tiny white cysts surrounding my anus, all my life, but they have never bothered me, and have never become irritated or infected.. Last week I noticed two small ones were sore and becoming inflamed... They have seem to have joined together to form a small boil/ abscess? Not sure how to classify it... I've been doing sits baths every day religiously for seven days and there's some drainage but not a lot and there's a very large white head which 'm not sure is the actual infection or the actual cyst... It's extremely painful. I'm going to see a dermatologist tomorrow, but was just looking for any thoughts on here…. Can’t provide a photo because of the area that it’s in.

Article: 23F Healthy EKGS and troponin draws and cbcs and cts in the past month.
  
    Can an ekg miss a heart attack?
  
    I’ve had seven this year due to constant chest pain and pressure and went in again tonight because it’s getting worse. Ekg was normal today and a month ago but the wait for the blood test tonight was 13 hours so I left. Now I’m freaking out that it missed it and I should’ve waited for the blood troponin test.

Article: Hello! 24yr old Male. I’ve had a fungal infection from sports for years on my left foot. Recently took the initiative to treat it and noticed that one of my toenails is quite dark. Appointment set with PCP to examine, but curious if anyone might be able to identify what this is. Worry is that it’s a melanoma, but know the likelihood is low. I had a bad toe stubbing a couple weeks ago that might account for a hematoma, but I didn’t pay close attention to any changes.
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/WcKhALM

Article: 17M and ive been feeling some pain in my elbow joint for the past week or so.  its a bit weird since i can only feel it when i bend it at a certain angle and it feels kind of like a sharp pain nearish to the bottom of my elbow. its not too painful but im just worried if this is serious because it was most likely from going to the gym and i dont want it to be a recurring issue.

Article: I have had a lump thymus for two plus years.  I asked my GP for a X-ray.  He refused said too much radiation,   I told him not concerned about radiation.  He said he would only order an ultrasound.  I unnecessarily waited and got the ultrasound knowing that is not the right test.  I asked the Cancer Clinic what is the work up.  They told me I was correct an ultrasound is not used.  A X-ray, CT and then PET scan.  I sent this information to the doctor but he refused to order a X-ray.  I did not want to insult his lack of knowledge so I said my niece is an Oncologist.  I do  have a niece and she did confirm I was correct.  She had the Cancer Climic send what scans are done to diagnose thymus cancer.  I sent that along with photos of the thymus tumour.  He called to tell me my ultrasound is negative normal.  I asked for a X-ray again and refused.  I told him my niece is an Oncologist again and refused.  I had a telehealth doctor order a X-ray and everything normal but I think next step is a CT scan.  Unfortunately, the telehealth doctor moved overseas.  My GP has put something on my file because every telehealth doctor I speak to or see at a MediClimic they tell me to ask my GP.  I tell them he refuses and getting a second opinion.  I have had increased lower left quadrant swelling and sent photos to GP asking for a private MRI.  I would be paying not BC Medical.  He refused and said the swelling is fat.  I told him it is swelling not fat because I do not have an once of fat on my body.  He said “you know women have fattier sides”.  I was in shock.  It took months to be brave enough to see him in person to prove show it is not fat.  Then he quickly said it is posture.  I told him that is what the ER doctor told me  and criticized that diagnosis. I asked for a requisition to have a private MRI of abdomen and paying for it at a  private imaging clinic.  He refused and said “you have had too many scans”.  He knows I have yearly scans for thyroid cancer and my Neurologist  wants a yearly MRI of brain and spine.  I have lost 10 lbs in one year never been this weight since I was a young girl.  Loss of appetite.  Now subtle pain radiating rib cage and up to left breast.  ALT levels went from 13-38.  I keep on reiterating the MS drugs prescribed for 35 years damages the liver.

Article: Male 21, 187cm and 75 kg. Duration of complaint: 7 months. A little context on this story: Started to eat more ‘ outside’ this year like college and restaurants.
  
    It started as a intense nausea and constipation that eventually went away, then the belly problems came in, intense discomfort in the mid upper abdomen, dull ache and bloating in the upper part, feels like someone is squishing my small intestines, mushy looking weird stools that makes the water toilet bowls dirty and weight loss, the ache was so annoying that made my body shake internally, horribly symptoms.
  
    So I did blood tests all came back normal, normal CRP and ESR levels and some high ferratin, upper endoscopy normal ( no h.pylory via biopsy), abdominal ultrasound normal, abdominal non contrast ct scan normal, normal  colonoscopy only with findings of terminal ileum hyperplasia ( biopsy says ‘ samples with no significant changes’) so I assume it’s normal. Stool culture for salmonella, shingella and campylobacter negative and parasites also negative, Giardia antigens and PCR for parasites all negative. Stool Calprotectin normal, value of 5. Sibo test negative, no ulcerative colitis, antibodies for celiac and chrons disease negative. So what could be this debilitating ilness? What other tests should I do?

Article: I have had a lump thymus for two plus years.  I asked my GP for a X-ray.  He refused said too much radiation,   I told him not concerned about radiation.  He said he would only order an ultrasound.  I unnecessarily waited and got the ultrasound knowing that is not the right test.  I asked the Cancer Clinic what is the work up.  They told me I was correct an ultrasound is not used.  A X-ray, CT and then PET scan.  I sent this information to the doctor but he refused to order a X-ray.  I did not want to insult his lack of knowledge so I said my niece is an Oncologist.  I do  have a niece and she did confirm I was correct.  She had the Cancer Climic send what scans are done to diagnose thymus cancer.  I sent that along with photos of the thymus tumour.  He called to tell me my ultrasound is negative normal.  I asked for a X-ray again and refused.  I told him my niece is an Oncologist again and refused.  I had a telehealth doctor order a X-ray and everything normal but I think next step is a CT scan.  Unfortunately, the telehealth doctor moved overseas

Article: Hi! My grandmother has been experiencing shakiness, trouble breathing, loss of balance, and another symptom I don’t have a word for. For example, if you ask her to touch her finger to her nose, she can’t figure out how to do it, or she gets confused. She gets confused with simple requests, like asking her to grab something. She went to an ENT to check her ears, they found nothing. Her primary requested she goes to physical therapy, but it seems like physical therapy may not remedy this issue in my opinion (I’m not a doctor though). Can anyone provide insight as to what she should be asking for? What specialist should she be seeing? Any and all advice is welcome. I appreciate the help!

Article: I’m an 15M 185cm and I’ve had an intense pain in my intestine area for the whole day. It feels like there’s something there but I can’t seem to push it out for the life of me. What can I do. This is the most intense pain I’ve ever had

Article: Hello!
  
    I’m prescribed hydroxzyzine 20mg to take whenever my anxiety is bad or I can’t sleep. Two days ago, I took it for the first time in months and immediately the next morning, my chest tightness/pain was so bad I had a really difficult time eating or even breathing. Now, two days later, it still hurts to eat or breathe, not as much, but it still hurts a lot. The pain is to the point where I am unable to breathe for the few seconds after swallowing when it happens.
  
    Should I go to the ER and get my heart checked out or is it okay to wait it out?

Article: Hi everyone! I’m a 26 yo female. I’ve had two lymph nodes in my neck that have been swollen since I was about 13. Last week, I noticed 3 more became enlarged and painful. Now they’re swollen and not returning to normal. My neck looks enlarged because of it. Should I be concerned?

Article: i used a dodgy technique to remove tattoo i got when i was very young via injections, it removed the tattoo but caused a keloid scar in the shape of the tattoo. im not prone to keloid scars and now that im much older i have an idea to cover my keloid scar with a tattoo that i like.
  
    Is it possible to tattoo over my keloid scar without making the scar worse? Do tattoo artists tattoo over keloid scars? Has anyone had tattoos done over keloid scarring from tattoo removal injections?
  
    The scar is on my forearm and im very insecure about it. i haven't worn a t-shirt in public in several years. Cheers.

Article: Hello, I’m a 21F in Canada. Recently I’ve been having pain when urinating, which at first I thought was just due to an accidental cut I got during sex, but it continued to sting while I couldn’t check my lower area clearly due to my period. The past few days with both my period and that issue have been terrible, it was a pain to do anything including standing, sitting, sleeping. I think it’s because of my pads that keeps chaffing the area and irritating it more.
  
    Both my period and the pain started in similar times, 5 days ago, and now that my period has finally ended I’m seeing that I have two white “sores” (they look similar to canker sores), one on each side of my labia minora. It’s just a single sore on either side, both about/less that 1cm x 1cm. The pain in my daily life has gotten better now that I don’t have to wear a pad, but it still stings when I urinate or sit. I think (but am not sure) that the stinging while urinating is caused by urine contacting the sores and not directly due to my urinary tract, as when my stream is weak it comparably doesn’t sting as much (if that makes sense). My vaginal area also looks slightly swollen, but I haven’t been able to check my discharge due to my period. Should I keep monitoring myself for a few days, or what else should I do? I myself think it’s a yeast infection, but do yeast infections cause said sores? From what I’ve researched it’s a possibility, but some say it’s an STI, but comparing it to pictures from STI sores online they don’t look similar? Mine just look like two separate canker sores, like the ones you get in your mouth. Or could it be just some cuts I got from intercourse? I’ll admit I have a bad diet with a love for sugar (my BMI is normal), not sure if that contributes to anything. Any advice would be appreciated, thank you in advance

Article: O.D. Sphere/ -0.50 Cylinder/-3.50 Axis/171°
  
    O.S. Sphere/-0.50 Cylinder/-3.50 Axis/4°
  
    This is my latest eye exam prescription I don't know how to read it or what it means. My main questions are:
  


    Is this a strong prescription?
  


    Should I get the glasses (yes I think I should because of blurriness but money is tight)
  


    Will it get worse if I don't get the glasses
  


    What does Axis, Cylinder and Sphere mean for eyes?
  


    I know it's stupid to ask but I really would appreciate it if someone would help!

Article: Hey everyone, I'm 21M, white, and have a clean bill of physical health. I had some B12 deficiency but that has been treated. The reason I'm writing here is because I have severe OCD and anxiety and I'm not sure how to handle it. I have had two unconfirmed seizures in my life. The first was when I was a baby after getting a vaccine. The docs acted like this was completely normal apparently. I had an overnight EEG done and it didn't show anything irregular. The second happened after I took penicillin, around 8 hours after having my wisdom teeth removed. All of the sudden I felt really light headed and everything just kind of faded out. I was assessed by paramedics afterwards and deemed to be in fine health. I was also assessed by my family doc who said the same. Both parties suspected a faint due to either drug reaction, dehydration, or both, not a seizure. My license was not revoked. It has been well over a year since that and I haven't had any issues other than extreme anxiety and PTSD symptoms as a result of that experience. I guess what I'm asking is, how do I handle the anxiety around this? Obviously I'm going to be seeing a psychologist, but just wondering if anyone here has any advice. I'm so afraid of seizing while driving because I heard about it suddenly happening to someone else. For anyone in Ontario, do you know of any health anxiety resources? Thanks.
  
    Important note, I had no aura or anything after passing out the second time. No idea about the first cause I was a baby. The only reason I worry about it potentially being a seizure is because I lost bladder control and apparently arched my back for a second. I know for sure my blood pressure tanked and then recovered shortly afterwards.

Article: I am a 47 year old male who just started taking Zoloft again last week. I have been having issues with dizziness or more like lightheadedness off and on at times over the past 7 years. But it got really bad the 2nd half of last school year. I missed a ton of work the 2nd half of last school year. But just last Monday I passed out when arriving at school or shortly after arriving at school. I have felt so weak and lightheaded ever since that I haven't been able to return to work because I don't have the strength to get out of bed most of the time since last Monday.

Article: 24M, 5'6, 135lb, white, shortness of breath, 2 months, only smoke weed. Could someone help me interpret these? I have had shortness of breath for the last 2 months. It started with heart palpitations after smoking weed. After, felt chest pains, occasional palpitations, persistent shortness of breath. I've been overall a bit better since, but my shortness of breath is still so awful after 2 months. I cant even speak a sentence without having to catch my breath. I saw a pulmonologist, after a pulmonary function test he told me to see an ENT. I'm seeing an ENT friday, a cardiologist soon.
  

    here are my Pulmonary function test results :   https://imgur.com/a/277CF6R

    I'd really like some help interpreting these. What is wrong with my breathing? My pulmonologist said based on this my lungs are fine but something else is causing an obstruction?

Article: 30M, 6'2, 185 lbs, moderate drinker non-smoker, and my mom has been living with rheumatoid arthritis for probably the past 25 years or so.
  
    For the past few weeks, I've been waking up with both of my feet feeling incredibly stiff and somewhat painful (both are stiff, right foot is a bit more painful than the left). However, it clears up pretty quickly once I start moving and only seems to happen in the morning or if I've been sitting for an extended period (which doesn't happen all that often since I'm very active). I've been running a lot more recently and spend my free time gardening where I squat a lot. Here is an image of the general area where the pain is: https://imgur.com/a/5pkdJEl

    On the one hand, I'm still fairly young and a male, which seems to slightly reduce the odds of RA. Although my mom does have it so that probably makes it more likely. Part of me thinks this is probably just extensor tendonitis given the area (from what I've read, it seems like RA is often in the toes to start).
  
    Any idea how worried I should be about this actually being RA? Am I pretty likely to get it since my mom has it? I've read conflicting things online, with some saying that I'm only at a slight increased risk of RA whereas others make it sound like a foregone conclusion.

Article: I (female, early 30s, 5'0, 135lbs, no current major health conditions, no current medications, no smoking/drinking/drugs) am almost 7 months postpartum. I am not breastfeeding at this time.
  
    My period came back around 2 months postpartum, but my cycle has been very irregular:
  
    20 days (June to July) 27 days (July to August) 32 days (August to September) 18 days (September to September) 31 days (September to October) 18 days (October to November)
  
    Is this something I should bring up to my doctor, or should I wait and see if it gets more regular?
  
    If I should bring it up, what kinds of tests may be used to see the cause of the irregularities?
  
    Thank you in advance!!

Article: 27f, working in a logistic field.
  
    Going for open heart surgery soon for an atrial septal defect.
  
    Hi all, will a postthorax vest help my chest to heal faster and stabilise the sternum further once i use the vest? Or do i need advise from my surgeon/cardiologist?
  
    I am planning to go back to work in 2 or 3 months after surgery. My work does require lifting of heavy cables about 80 percent of the time. The shelf are taller than me which requires me to lift my arms and hands up to put the stuff.
  
    Cables and other product can weight as light as 0.1g to 40kg. I am worried after I come back from work that it might disturb my flow of work as I hate to ask for help. :(
  
    Any advise or experience would help. Thank you in advance!
  
    I saw videos of patient vlogging themselves on youtube mentioning that it took them A YEAR TO FULLY HEAL?!! I cant be sitting at home for a year due to the working field im in.

Article: Hello Reddit I’m a 21M who loves cats but for some reason every time I’m around them my eyes get itchy and my nose start running like crazy. But I really want one. I’m not diagnosed as allergic to cats I never went to the doctor. This is just from going to friends house and soon after touching cats symptoms begin. Is there anything I can do such as take allergy pills everyday or a shot that will let me have a cat?

Article: Mandatory Info: 18M, 6'4, 230lbs, Caucasian, no medical issues, no current medication, Canadian, and I do not drink, smoke, or use recreational drugs.
  
    I never considered that I had an attention deficit disorder because I did well in school. However looking back, I displayed many of the symptoms that are present today for years. I did the obvious stuff like procrastinating and having difficulty focusing on tasks but that is fairly commonplace. More importantly, I've had people(family and friends) constantly point out my "hyperactivity". For example, I could never stand still(shuffling and constantly moving). If I was doing something like watching TV or anything that wasn't interactive, I would fidget. At school, it would be constantly playing with erasers, pens, rulers, etc. At home, it would be throwing a ball against the wall, banging a stick against my shins, or obsessively shaking my leg. As a kid(8-14) I displayed a lot of the disruptive behaviour you would associate with ADHD(interrupting conversations, impulsiveness, excessive loudness, and chattiness) but that has drastically improved as I aged. Those are most of the symptoms that I know are relevant but I have a few habits or tendencies that are irregular.
  
    I have never been able to focus in loud environments. The best example for this was in the 11th grade; my English teacher didn't care about people talking during times when we were supposed to be reading or working on assignments. As a result of this, I was unable to get any work done during class. I would have a similar reaction when my parents had guests over and I could hear them conversing. Also, during my senior year I had this weird caffeine dependence(this was when I first started considering the possibility of ADHD). I rarely consumed caffeine because I couldn't stand the taste of coffee or energy drinks but when I discovered caffeine pills, this was no longer a problem. I went from 0mg of caffeine consumption to 200-300mg every few days. Whenever I had an important assignment due or a test to study for, I would take a pill and that would allow me to focus far better. Finally, I am taking a "gap year" and have two easy classes that should require minimal effort. The caveat is that the courses are entirely online, which has been troublesome. I'm a rule follower, I would always complete my homework and do well on tests because I didn't like being scolded by my teachers or parents. This is no longer a factor because I have been accepted into university(my parents don't care how I perform now) and the teachers don't care either. The classes started in September and I have completed less than 10% of the work for each of the classes.
  
    I attempted to provide as much relevance as possible but obviously diagnosing this over Reddit is impossible. However, do you think these concerns warrant escalating the matter or am I wrong in my assertion?

Article: 5 mo, female, Canada, 27" 15 lbs, non smoker, no health condition.
  
    With the colder weather and more covid cases sneaking in, I worry about family members touching my baby this holiday season.
  
    I don't want to overthink and I want to be informed.
  
    If us adults are vaccinated, can we still carry the virus and pass it to the little one?
  
    I know there is a chance of being asymptomatic, so thought the general no touching/kissing baby will apply this winter, but not sure how cautious I need to be or how easily it can be  transfered if we are vaccinated.
  
    There's also a BIL that is not vaccinated,  everyone else is tho.
  
    I have some family members who will hate to hear they can't touch or kiss My daughter.

Article: Hopefully this is the right sub for this question: In my last two appointments with the intent of accuracy and efficiency I have researched the specific anatomical location and description of whatever my complaint is. I do not "self-diagnose" or suggest what I think is going on, I simply look for a more accurate way of saying "err my stomach hurts when I breath sometimes" ... anyway both doctors appeared a bit annoyed by that approach. Docs, what do you think about this? How much ignorance is the right amount?

Article: 31m 208 lbs 5'11.  Been having constant tension headaches for a week now.  I feel the headaches mostly around the back of my ears/ and in a band around the bottom of my head.  Also i have noticed that usually right around when i wake up, i feel my heartbeat/pulsing around the back of my neck/head around where i am having the headaches.  My blood pressure is always worse right when i wake up as well.  It usually ranges anywhere from  150-160/90 and then it goes downward to 140/90.
  
    I was primarily thinkings its just tension from bad posture and straining my neck/back/head but I was wondering if anything else could cause this, maybe such as sleep apnea?  My dr. previously ordered a followup to my inhome sleep apnea test with a in-office sleep apnea test.
  
    I have been exercising and dieting to cut my weight as well as i have gained 15 lbs in the last 5-6 months to lower my blood pressure as it used to be normal.

Article: Her r/AskDocs,
  
    to provide some context, I am 18 years old and have been running for about 2.5 - 3 years now. Right from the start I found Ultramarathons to be very interesting. As a result I quickly ramped up my mileage and peaked last December/ early this year at around 90mpw without any real issues.
  
    Eventually I decided, earlier this year, that I don't want to run alone all the time so I joined a local track and field club, which resulted in me doing 2 speed sessions a week. And that's when the issues began.
  
    After a few weeks of doing more training on the track I developed some knee problems which luckily went away after a month or two, just to be replaced by shin splints which I am still dealing with.
  
    After a relatively short break the initial sharp pain went away, however to this day it still doesn't feel quite right. I have taken numerous breaks, some longer ones too, and eventually also got an MRI done - which didn't show any clear signs of shin splints.
  
    Now my question is: The sharp pain is gone. Running isn't painful anymore. Good. However it just doesn't feel right. I can't really describe it, it isn't pain or soreness I guess, it's just that I feel something there that I don't feel in the other leg. Maybe very light stings would describe it best. Sometimes it occurs while running, other times while sitting or walking, other times it's not there at all. It is especially present however, after days where I walked a lot or went hiking on hilly and uneven terrain.
  
    That being said, I already consulted my doc about it. He said I shouldn't worry about it and continue training. What do you guys think? Im sorry that I can't really describe what I am trying to say, I just hope some of y'all know what I mean. It's just that in the past I tried to train through injuries which just prolonged them and I don't want to make the same mistake. Thanks in advance and sorry for potential grammar mistakes, English is not my first language.
  
    TLDR: Had Shin Splints, should I continue training. Sharp pain is gone, however it just doesn't feel right.

Article: AFAB 23 154cm 50kg Former smoker
  
Rash

    I suspect that I have EDS and possibly POTs. I know MCAS can also be comorbid. I am currently in touch with my GP and I’ve showed this to her already. I’m on a waitlist to see a  rheumatologist.
  
    The rash is hot and happens daily. It may go away for a period of time but will come back again. It mostly occurs when I stand or walk. Sometimes all I have to do is take a couple of steps, sometimes I have to be on for feet for a couple of hours but mostly it only takes about 30 mins or less. I get Raynaud's phenomenon on my feet (usually but not always) when it happens. The rash occasionally produces purpura. I also have petechiae seemingly unrelated to the rash. I’ve had a bulging veins behind the knee (superficial but visible), unsure if it’s related. The rash may or may not be photosensitive but that could actually just be a different rash entirely.
  
    I do get heat rash but this is not that, the trigger is different. It’s not hives. It’s not itchy and the rash is not raised. The rash looks like it could be MCAS but that doesn’t make sense considering the trigger. I doubt it’s urticarial vasculitis because of the lack of welts. I also doubt it’s hikers rash because the rash still occurs under my compression socks (the rash is less prominent when using compression socks). I know people with lupus get body rashes but I tested negative for that. I can’t figure it out, I don’t even know which specialist to see to get it looked at.  I’ve not heard of pots being like a leg rash type deal but it’s the only thing that makes sense.
  
    Edit: I forgot to mention that when this rash first showed up I was getting symptoms of dysesthesia. I felt a sensation of phantom water droplets on legs, tingling, burning, sometimes stabbing (like a needle stab), crawling. This lasted about 3 weeks. I don’t know what happened.

Article: 44F non smoker, normal cholesterol and blood pressure, normal glucose and A1C, perimenopausal.
  
    Results: occasional small frontal greater than parietal white matter T2 FLAIR hyperintensities; nonspecific and can be seen in patients with chronic migraine.
  
    But I have no history of migraines.

Article: F31 here, 5’7, 130 lbs, no known medical issue besides cat allergies.
  
    A week ago out of nowhere I started to experience the worst abdominal pain I’ve ever had. Just below the sternum like a ball of molten metal sitting in my stomach. Add to that nausea but no diarrhea nor blood anywhere.
  
    I’ve seen several docs, done several exams. Bloodworks, full abdominal ultrasound, even a scanner with contrast agent. None showed a single thing that could explain this excruciating pain. They’ve also been prescribing me different painkillers/cramp calming medications, but none worked (I’m not based in the US so I won’t bother with names). The pain in CONSTANT and very acute. It has been a whole week. I can barely eat, barely sleep. Every minute feels like forever and there is nothing I can do.
  
    As a last resort I went to the hospital last night and after different trials, only morphine managed to numb the pain. The best I’ve felt all week for a few hours.
  
    Now I’m back home, the pain is back if not worse. I can barely leave my bed, I’m desperate to ever find a cause, or better, relief. I’m tired of “waiting for it to pass”.
  
    Does a similar situation ring a bell to any of you? What more can I do at this point?
  
    Thank you.

Article: Hi. I'm 23F, 5'0, 150lbs, white, and I don't know if my anxiety is making me overthink myself into believing something is wrong or something is ACTUALLY wrong.
  
    Basically, on Saturday night when I tried to lay down for a nap after a party (had 2 alcoholic seltzers + glass of wine) I noticed that I could feel my heartbeat. I'd say it was thrumming in my chest but it wasn't beating super fast (checked myself, around ~70bpm) but the fact that I noticed it and kept noticing it meant I couldn't stop. Every time I tried closing my eyes, I would intuitively feel the sensation and it would take me out of sleep. I laid down for 4 hours, and really only got around an hour and a half of sleep if I'm being generous with myself.
  
    Yesterday, I also had another party (back to back birthdays) where I had a glass of wine I didn't finish with dinner (admittedly very carby, super Italian dinner party if ya catch my drift) and then half a cappucino at around 6pm. I tried going to bed at 10:30, because I wake up at 6am for work. The same thing began happening, where I could feel my heartbeat (this time it was around ~65bpm) and no matter how much I tossed, turned, tried to tune it out, paced around, NOTHING helped stop it. Eventually at around 2:30am I chugged a glass of water and I guess was exhausted enough to sleep.
  
    Now here I am at work, where if I think about my heartbeat I can suddenly feel it and freakout, but if I don't (and my anxiety is making this less and less possible..) I can't feel it.
  
    Am I just stressed/anxious? I have a flight coming up on Friday (huge fear of planes), worried about not finishing a work project in time, and a big move out of state + away from family for the first time ever in 2 months. Could these things be subconsciously ruining my sleep? Or is it something serious?
  
    I will get an EKG regardless, but would like some opinions. :)

Article: I've been dealing with tired legs every morning for almost three years, it feels like I've run a marathon,  I work out 4-5 times a week and make I sure I recover.I've been dealing with neck and shoulder pain for around 3 years. I am not sure if that could be related.
  
    I try to massage, stretch and doing strength on the legs regularlysome information about me:Age: 40sex: Malehight: 172cmweight: 65kgI don't take any medication and I vape.
  

    From where to start?

Article: Hello, a close friend of mine is in a convalescent hospital. She is suffering from COPD. She got up out of the bed two weeks ago on her own and fell. Since then she has had a green tinge to her feet. She is convinced it is gangrene and will need her feet to be amputated. The nurses brush off her concerns as just bruising. Does anyone have experience with gangrene that can let me know if we should push for more examination? Picture in comments.

Article: I injured my shoulder last February while lifting weights and am yet to find a solution. I went to a doctor in April and they said just to do rotator cuff exercises. In June I went to a different doctor and had an MRI done. I was given a glucocorticoid steroid shot which had me feeling at about 80-90% normal until recently. I am now back where I was before the shot. He wants to give me another shot. Any suggestions? Should I seek another opinion?
  
    Here is the MRI Impression:
  


    No full-thickness or high-grade partial-thickness rotator cuff tear.  No shoulder joint effusion or bursitis.
  


    Small volume fluid at the AC joint with mild capsular distension, possibly representing early degeneration or mild inflammation.  Correlation for point tenderness is recommended.
  


    And the doctor’s evaluation: Encounter Diagnosis:Osteolysis of acromial end of left clavicle, Biceps tendon tear
  
    M21, 5’11, 170lb, no smoking/drinking

Article: I’m 23, female, 135 pounds
  
    Two days back I felt really awful out of nowhere. Lasted the whole day.
  
    my chest felt tight, I had a headache, I had brain fog, and it was really hard for me to be active- I kept having to sit down at my job (and I never do this out of fear of my boss scolding me). I felt really anxious and I felt like I had a really bad fever. I ate some plain chicken and drank a lot of water during my lunch break but still felt really bad… When I got home from work I drank a ton of water and ate some rice, I thought I’d feel all better. But I still felt really gross.. and I had this crazy fever. Felt so hot in the blankets but even when I would lift the blanket a little bit the cold gave me really intense chills. My body felt sore too, and I felt really Weak. It was really hard to get comfortable and at one point I just kept crying, maybe from anxiety and exhaustion I felt.
  
    I was thinking and I figured it was because I have had a lot of caffeine lately and not much to eat. For context, I’m a college student with no financial support from anyone other than myself, when bills are tight, I sometimes neglect my self care when it comes to eating enough food. I get free coffee from work and school so I tend to drink a lot of that which helps me get through my busy schedule.
  
    Some other context: -I don’t get a lot of time to rest but I do get at least 6 hours of sleep which is better than most of my peers.
  
    -I have a lot of issues with anxiety and stress management as a lot of traumatic events recently occurred in my life… I considered my feelings being a panic attack at first… I’ve had a lot of mental health issues
  
    -my mom is diabetic, I’m not in contact with her so I can’t get the details of this… wonder if this is relevant
  
    -I have never experienced this before at all. Usually if I have too much caffeine I feel shakey and a little cranky but can quickly fix it by eating something…. This thing that happened lasted all day
  
    -don’t drink or use any drugs
  
    -don’t have health insurance, working on getting Medicaid
  
    I feel better now but I have this sore pain in my neck and upper back, and when I strain it I can feel a headache… this isn’t too bad and I’m able to ignore it…
  
    When I googled about this I read something about meningitis and was wondering if this was something I should be worried about, or if I could just write it off as being a caffeine issue?

Article: i am exhausted. i cant go even one day without needing to take at least one nap. sometimes more. i will go out to do errands and come back home so exhausted that i cant function until I have slept. some days are better than others. today i ate my lunch at work and got so tired i fell asleep on the spot. some days i sleep for hours and wake up just as tired after the nap as i was before. nobody will listen to my concerns. i feel like i am going crazy. how should i move forward?
  
    female 19 109lbs im on some anxiety med i cant remember the name of.

Article: 28f, T2D, anxiety, the works. 150 mg sertraline, 20mg propranolol 3x day as needed for anxiety, metformin 500mg 2x day (sugar has been consistently under control), trulicity, Clonazepam .5mg as needed.
  
    So basically I just went on vacation and it was really a giant bender. Wayyyyyy too much drinking. So now I'm trying to sleep this off, have taken 1mg Clonazepam but still very uncomfortable and restless. No tremors but horrific dreams and waking up sweating a few times an hour. Will I be ok if I'm not having tremors? Ive definitely experienced far worse withdrawals

Article: I 38F have had this darkened lump on the under side of my chin for a few years now. It’s a soft bump where the texture is different from the rest of my skin - it’s bumpy like chicken skin. I recently got an MRI and biopsy done to figure out what it is and both came up with nothing. Nothing underneath my skin(no lipoma) and the skin biopsy came up negative for anything strange. However, ever since getting the biopsy done and keeping that puncture site covered with Vaseline + hydrocolloid patch while it healed, it’s now growing long dark hairs. This definitely wasn’t there prior as I was specifically looking at it pretty much every other day leading up the both the MRI and the Derm visits. Anyone have any idea what could be going on? There’s also pics in my post history in my most recent post.

Article: Panhypopit, no fevers since resection
  
    48M, 70”, 205lbs, cauc NH, status 13 years post post-apoplectic pituitary macroadenoma resection, resultant in empty sella and panhypopituitarism.
  
    Located in DC/BAL metro.
  
    Current diagnoses: Hypopituitarism, hypothyroidism, hypogonadism, adrenal insufficiency, diabetes insipidus, growth hormone deficiency, Mollaret’s Meningitis, MDD, PTSD, Anxiety (NOS), Chronic Acute Sinustis, Chronic Sphenoiditis, degenerative disk disease, chronic left ankle instability, unrepaired non-union fx L 5th metatarsal, heel spurs
  
    Rx: Synthroid, Liothyronine, Hydrocortisone, Doxycycline (prophylactic), Testosterone, Acyclovir, Zyrtec, Trelegy, Flonase, Trazadone QHS, Prazosin QHS (nightmares), Genotropin, Niacin, Baby Aspirin, Fiber supplement, Glucosamine, L-Tyrosine, MultiV, B-12, DHEA, Fish Oil OTC, Hydromorphone PRN,, Valium PRN, Demopressin PRN
  
    Devices: Titanium Cervical Cage C4-C5 (2017) Abdominal Mesh (Hernia Repair) (2020) NEVRO Spinal Stimulator (Cervical & Lumbar) MRI Compatible (2020) Flowonix Pain Pump (Lumbar) (2021)
  
    Problem:
  
    Regardless of illness experienced since losing pituitary, e.g. flu, MRSA, coxsackievirus, whooping cough, etc., I have never experienced a comorbid fever of any appreciable value.
  
    What mechanism or disorder is at play to explain the failure to develop fevers since neurosurgery? This condition always elicits a shrug at minimum, if not skepticism, when explained to providers. Is it possible that hypothalamic injury resulted from the pituitary resection? If so, how would that be confirmed in imaging?
  
    (Also, troublingly, there's this study.  )

Article: I’m on miralax, about 8.5 grams daily to help with constipation. I’m 20 female to male.
  
    I now shit daily. Obviously since I was having issues with constipation before I’m used to barely shitting in a week.
  
    Should I ask my doctor about lowering my dose? Is it fine for me to defecate daily?

Article: 20F, 5’0, 45kg
  


    medications: 15mg mirtazapine nightly
  


    mother has lupus, father has IBS
  


    subclinical hypothyroidism - latest TSH is 6.4 Normal T4 and TPO.
  


    I’ve been having weird stools (pics on profile) and fasciculations for a good few months. The majority of the time, there is yellow on the toilet paper after I wipe. I’ve also been having chronic constipation and producing mostly type 1 stools.
  
    I developed 24/7 bloating that makes me look pregnant, as well as chronic pelvic pain and constipation and occasional joint pain.
  
    I once went to the ER during an episode with quite bad joint pain where I was producing what I believe is bile acid diarrhoea - I went from being chronically constipated to pooping bright yellow liquid and even had accidents whilst I was there - once where I pooped pure mucus, and once where I pooped yellow liquid. They sent me home because they said I’d been having yellow stool for months by that point.
  
    I went to see my GP the next day, and I had tenderness at McBurney’s point. I was scheduled for an emergency appendectomy, but the surgeon determined that it wasn’t appendicitis. He was concerned that it could be my gallbladder, so I had an ultrasound, which states that the walls are thin, there are no gallstones and that the CBD is normal.
  
    I still wasn’t satisfied, so went to see a nurse, who prescribed me Movicol and Co-amoxiclav, since she was concerned about my CRP, white blood cells and neutrophils all being high. She suspected diverticulitis.
  
    I take the antibiotics and try Movicol but the constipation, pelvic pain and yellow stools persisted.
  
I had a normal culture and calprotectin test.

    I saw a gynaecologist for the pelvic pain and was given doxycycline and metronidazole for suspected PID. I didn’t have PID… but my stool colour was normal and I was now going most days rather than 2/3 times a week! These antibiotics really helped my bowels.

    The consistency is better, but unfortunately the yellow stools and joint pain have crept up on me again, and it didn’t clear up the distension or make my stools consistently a normal type.
  
    I’ve been having joint pain and yellow stool the last few days and I’m getting worried.
  
    I should have a pelvic and vaginal ultrasound soon.

Article: Hi there. I’m 31, male, 5’8/9 and about 10 stone. In February 2023 I randomly started peeing blood clots, with very painful urination and a constant pain in my lower abdomen. After a couple of urine tests etc it was found that I had a “dual infection” which the doctor said was cystitis. I went on one antibiotic (can’t recall the name of it) and symptoms went away whilst on them. Within a day or two, symptoms came back and I was peeing blood clots again. I then went on nitrafurantoin and similarly symptoms went away, but when I came off those I started getting much more minor symptoms - no pain but frequent urination and a general uncomfort in my lower abdomen and whilst urinating / after urinating. I was referred to urology and put on a prophylaxis nitrafurantoin for 6 months. My referral came through and I had a cystoscopy and a CT scan of my urinary tract both of which came back clear, so was told to finish the antibiotics and “see what happens”. I finished the antibiotics at the end of September but have since then noticed a low level of symptoms continuing, but with no pain. I have cloudy urine but infrequently - eg I could have normal urine for days or a couple of weeks and then suddenly one day it’s very cloudy no matter how much I do or don’t drink. I sometimes need to urinate every 30 minutes or so, but that’s only about once a week or once every couple of weeks. Outside of that urination frequency is normal but the “uncomfortableness” I described earlier has continued. Most recently I went back to my GP to ask what they could do and they did another urine test which came back as having traces of blood and a small amount of white blood cells (this is what all of my urine tests have said over the last few months). However no infection markers. I also had a sample sent off to the lab and it came back as having no bacterial growth which the doctor said mean there was no infection. I’m now awaiting them getting more advice from a urologist about next steps. In the meantime, they have asked me to take another course of nitrafurantoin but the low level symptoms I’ve been experiencing have continued despite being on those antibiotics.
  
    I find it hard to believe this is a UTI given the volume of antibiotics I’ve been on and that my pain levels have been basically 0 since around March 2023. Kidney stones seems more likely especially because even when on antibiotics the symptoms persist. Is there anything else this could be or anything I should be pushing my doctor to look for?

Article: 24yo FtM currently being suspected of having Multiple Sclerosis. Symptoms include fatigue, heart palpitations, nerve pain throughout the body but mainly the legs/hips, slight tingling sensations in extremities, occasional “icy cold” shooting sensation down spine, times of confusion, unsteadiness, and weakness. Has had a EMG and brain MRI, with two more spine MRIs coming up this month.
  
    I have had an EMG that showed abnormal results concerning my tibial motor nerve, and an MRI that showed “mild periventricular white matter FLAIR hypertensity” but both tests were deemed “normal” by the same doctor.
  
    My question is basically, is it normal for the test to have abnormal results but still be considered normal? I feel as though this is a trend, and may be preventing me from getting treatment for what’s happening. But then again, I am not a doctor.
  
    Will post MRI and EMG results in comments as I do not quite know how to link them.

Article: 28F, 130lb 5’4, gave birth at 30w due to idiopathic PPROM. I am 3 months postpartum and have had on and off bleeding since birth. I bled for 7-8 weeks straight postpartum, and have bled on and off every other week lasting about a week each episode since. I am absolutely exhausted everyday, I wake up 2-3 times a night with the baby for 15-20 min at a time but I’m still sleeping 11pm-8am and then taking a 2-3 hour nap most days. I feel like crap, but I feel like i’m actually sleeping a ton. The fatigue I feel most days in unreal and seems unrelated to having a newborn.
  
    My lab work and ultrasound are normal, the only thing flagged was slightly high platelets (407 thousand/uL compared to 280 thousand/uL the day after birth).  Labs included CBC diff w/ plat, prolactin, Hcg, total, QN, tsh reflex to ft4
  
    Waiting on my pap results tho I just got one in the spring which was normal so I don’t expect that to change so quickly. Ultrasound didn’t show anything suggesting RPOC.
  
    Anyone have any idea what could be going on? Really sick of bleeding and the only solution offered was a d&c. I just want to feel better and stop bleeding

Article: Hi, I (23F) got some bad cramps a hour or so ago, I ignored it since I'm on my period, even though it was worse than the cramps I usually get. But it suddenly turned into a sharp pain on the right hand side of my abdomen, right below my ribs and shooting up to my right shoulder. It's probably the worst pain I've ever felt, it continued for about 5-10 min before stopping.
  
    I've had ulcers and mesenteric adenitis before, but this feels different (and much, much worse). I took 72mg of a concerta generic 6 hours before if that makes a difference, I've been on it for years and never had any issues.
  
    It's been over an hour and it hasn't happened again, I just feel exhausted. Should I go to a doctor tomorrow to get it checked out or is that not necessary?

Article: AFAB 23 154cm 50kg Former smoker
  
    I am able to “pop” both hips out at will although I’m unsure as to whether or not the pop is actually a subluxation. My hips are uneven in the X-ray but it could be because I have minor scoliosis. I’m hyper-mobile and suspect EDS if that helps.
  
X-ray 1 X-ray 2

Article: Age: 19 Sex: male Weight: 107kg Height: 189cm
  
    Before i start i know theres someone whose going to say “With chest pain go ER immediately” let me tell you ive been there. Ive been there 10+ times in the last 3 weeks. They always say when you chest pain is different come back but my chest pain IS different every day and i dont know when it’s actually something serious or not. All those visits to ER everything has come back normal from ecg’s to x rays. Once my d dimer was 0.5 and i had leg pain so they suspected thrombosis but they didnt find any clots in my leg. Now im here with a new chest pain hr of 110 while writing this thinking if i should go to the ER again…

Article: Female 45 yo, 225 lb, caucasian. Asthma (controlled). Medication : Prozac.
  
    Hi! I have had three scleritis diagnosed in the past 5 months, first two times in right eye, and now in left eye. Ophtalmologist prescribed Prednisolone eye drops, which quickly resolved the situation everytime. I believe I had multiple other scleritis in my life prior to this (average 4 per year for at least 10 years) but never had them checked, as the symtpoms are similar to what I have now. I saw a rhumatologist who ordered blood tests, did a physical exam and order some back and hands XRays. RF slightly positive at 30. ANA slightly positive at 1/80. Otherwise everyting normal. I don't have any other symptoms, except eye dryness and fatigue. Back pain, but explanations seem to be musculoskeletal. Rhumatologist concluded there is almost certainly no autoimmune or systemic cause to the scleritis, although we are still waiting on a few more tests. What else should I explore?

Article: Quite often if I (25M, ~172cm, I have no idea what weight I am but probably slightly over weight but not to an unhealthy degree if that makes sense?) F eel a burp brewing I cannot get it released unless I sit up straight or even stand up sometimes. I don't know if this is something I should get checked or if it just happens to certain people? I've never met anyone else like this. I don't take any medication regularly, I don't smoke tobacco but occasionally weed. I do drink a lot of coffee but idk if that's important lol.

Article: (17M) I am 17 years old and in Football i hit someone with my shoulder and it hurt really bad. I haven't gone to the doctor because it isn't that serious but I always feel that something is wrong but it doesn't hurt that bad. The thing is that about once a week it will randomly hurt like i've never felt anything hurt. I can move it when this happens that much and it kind o feels like something is out of place. This has been going on since July. I am only asking because i have baseball this spring. I haven't been lifting in order to try and help it. If anyone has any ideas what is is and what to do that would be greatly appreciated!

Article: I (44F) have endometrial hyperplasia and am on apixiban for PEs I developed in 2022. also have MDA5 dermatomyositis overlap SLE and Sjogrens, on prednisone, mycophenolate and hydroxychloroquine.
  
    my iud fell out in January and I'm getting it reinserted in December.
  
    I've never had an issue with menstrual bleeding on the coags before but I also had my iud. I had a standard, for me, period last week of 4 heavy bleed days with multiple clots (chicken strip sizes) tapering off for a few days. I held back on my apixiban for a couple of days (as was directed by thrombo when my iud ejected itself and I bled for 10 days). I restarted Saturday and started to bleed very heavy again with numerous clots dropping within an hour. held back apixiban again Sunday night and haven't bleed since.
  
    I've been told by thrombo that blood thinners shouldn't affect menstrual bleeding much so should I be concerned? no other symptoms, not even cramping. just lots of blood and clots.
  
    waiting to hear back from my GP, thrombo and gyne after leaving msgs for all. just looking for some reassurance and guidance now.

Article: I have been to the doctor for this a couple times over that past few years and the one time they told me it was either stress or acid reflux and the other time they said probably costochondritis. It can't be normal to just have intermittent chest pains everyday in the colder months though right? Sometimes its the left, sometimes its the right, sometimes it almost feels like it is coming from my back. It is also worth mentioning most of the time it is just a light pain that last for a little while but sometimes I will move the wrong way or lift something and it get a shooting pain that just makes me stop doing whatever im doing. It is just like a quick jab then im back to normal.
  
    Other information is that I am 5'11", 205lbs,  and this has been going on intermittently for the last couple years. More so during the colder months. I don't really drink or smoke but I do regularly drink coffee.

Article: Me(M31) I'm 5'4 about 130lbs,take no meds. I get tightness in my lower back. MY back has been an issue for a year now, I don't lift heavy things. What's the number 1 cause of chronic back pain

Article: Male 26, 193 cm height, 80 kg, pain in the eyes mostly, anxiety, weakness. So recently I received an MRI report of my brain with the conclusion:
  
    Conclusion: The MRI study does not show any significant pathological aspects in the clinical context.
  
    However, inside there were something that confused me:
  
    "Brain Parenchyma: Appears regular with normal white and grey matter interface, except for a few circumscribed T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the bilateral subcortical frontal white matter, which are nonspecific and of uncertain significance."
  
    Can someone explain this?

Article: hello everyone. im a 21 year old female that has no health insurance at the moment due to losing medicaid and being unable to afford new insurance just yet. this morning i woke up extremely nauseous. i have acid reflux so this isn’t too out of the ordinary for me, however i very rarely get sick. this is the worst i’ve ever felt in my life. i could not stop vomiting. my skin was ice cold to the touch but i was overheating and about to pass out the entire time. at some point i began to throw up blood. not just a little bit- half of my puke bucket was blood. it came out of me bright red and then turned to dark brown after being in the bucket. i was with my grandmother and i kept saying something feels wrong i need to go to the ER but she kept telling me i just had food poisoning and since i had no insurance the bill was going to be astronomical and i wouldn’t be able to afford it. at some point i fell asleep and was okay for awhile. i’m awake now and feel better than before. mild mild stomach pain at the moment with some occasional diarrhea. not completely nauseous but feel as tho i could become nauseous sometime soon. i also have a lump in my throat now that is quite annoying whenever i go to swallow. should i have gone to the emergency room? if the answer is yes is it too late to go? this happened some hours ago but google said vomiting blood requires medical attention. thanks in advance!

Article: Hello so for around 1 year now I’ve been getting a crushing pain feeling in the centre of my chest
  
    This ecg below was done at the start of the year I do remember having the pain when it was done and I was told it’s normal I also had X-ray and bloods done which were normal
  
    2 months after this I had a CT scan done again i was told it was normal
  
    A few months after that I had another ecg and again it was normal
  
    Today I have the exact same pain AGAIN and jaw pain ( from TMJ jaw clenching ) I’m so stressed and lost on what to do is there anything at all I can do?
  
    Each time the diagnosis has been ‘anxiety’ every single time which I do have health anxiety
  
    Once I get this news usually a day later the pain will magically go away but then maybe 1 - 2 weeks later it’s back again..
  
    It typically lasts a few days to a week constantly then goes away it’s  really ruining my life
  
    Do I just continue to try and ignore it? I was recently put on Prozac I’m only on day 11 I know they need time to work but I’m so stressed it’s unreal
  
    My blood pressure is normal 122/80 my heart rate is 58 I don’t really even feel anxious I just feel scared about it all the time the heart is definetly my main worry
  
    Age 26
  
    Weight 11 stone
  
    Height 6’2

Article: Title says it all mostly. 5.5 year old daughter has about 6 spider nevi. Seems to be otherwise healthy. She had seen a derm when she had 4 and they weren’t concerned. Just looking for reassurance from another derm maybe is it common to have so many and there be no underlying condition in children? Do you see this often? At what point is it too many? Thanks in advance!

Article: Photos https://imgur.com/a/RX9IbJQ

    Female Age: 32 Weight: 10 stoneHeight: 5 ft 7 Fit and active Med: Lymecycline and Thyroxine None smoker
  
    I had surgery 5 weeks ago to fix a broken elbow following an accident. I was in a temporary back slab cast for 2 weeks to allow for swelling, within a few days my arm was itching like mad and developed a rash I could see.. I went to the GP to check it out but they couldn't take the cast off and said it was contact dermatitis caused by the cast/cotton wool in the cast. I just coped with it for 2 weeks until I went back to the hospital - hoping I wouldn't need another cast. I was wrong they put me in a "proper" full cast for 2 weeks where my arm was ok for a week until week 4 (2 weeks in my second cast) - the itching started to get unbearable.
  
    The cast was removed last Monday 6th. My skin was very flaky, itchy and sensitive (to be expected). My surgical scar was healing nicely although it had lots of crusty patches and the skin around it was weeping a lot. The hospital just put an adhesive dressing over it and sent me on my way. I bought new dressings and have been washing a re-dressing my scar area every day.
  
    My skin has very quickly gotten worse over the last week. My forearm has developed a rash that has gotten more and more unbearable and is spreading. It's keeping me up at night and flares up and down. Although today it wasn't calmed down yet. The skin around my surgical scar has gotten worse and worse. Last night I realised my scar was fine, it was the skin around it that was bad, so I decided to remove the dressing and the skin is not weeping as much and looking calmer today. Sadly, the other side of my forearm is getting worse.
  
    I'm just confused how this can be getting worse if it's contact dermatitis? The irritant has been gone for over a week but it's getting so much worse. Yes, I did scratch my skin when the cast was off, I was indulging on doing it as I've been in so much discomfort for so long. I really wish I didn't
  
    The photos show the progression of both the scar sight and my forearm over the last 7 days
  
    Things I've tried:
  


    Cetrizine Hydrochloride  - does nothing
  


    Hydroortizone 1% - worked once but not again
  


    E45 Itch Relief - worked once but for not long
  


    Calamine lotion - helps for a short amount of time
  


    Cetraben itchy skin moisturiser - doesn't help
  


    Aquaphore over Cetraben - helps for a short amount of time
  


    Sudocreme - helps for a short amount of time.

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    29M/5”8/170lb/Hispanic/Canadian with no prexisting medical issues or current medications.
  
    I have a question about my finger recovery.
  
    I fractured my finger (near the knuckle) 6 months ago which shifted a millimeter out of place, and my doctor said told me today that I won’t get full range of motion and my finger will be slightly crooked forever. All she said was to continue doing finger stretching exercises and eventually the scar tissue will go away but my finger will forever be slightly crooked and never able to fully bend again. The doctor also said that doing a procedure/surgery may actually make things worse.
  
    Is it worth getting a second opinion from another doctor and perhaps a plastic surgeon? This current doctor I’m seeing is through the Canadian public healthcare system so it’s possible that I’m being mistreated here.
  
    Would love to get honest second opinions since I’m in disbelief that in today’s world with advanced medicine, there aren’t any procedures or solutions to getting my finger to as close to 100% as possible.
  
    Thanks,

Article: Male Age 22 Height 170cm Weight 70kg Nonsmoker Asthmatic
  
    Hi today I was at sonographic exam of cervical lymph nodes. She measured all in long axis and these are measurements. Submandibular left 8.2mm Submandibular right 8.3mm Deep left 7.4mm ,6.0mm ,6.5mm ,7.7mm, 8.1mm Deep right 7.2mm, 8.3mm, 5.5mm, 6.8mm, 3.7mm, one deep Is 9.4mm All have normal hilum. All lymph nodes are not enlarged
  
    I want to ask about that one 9.4 mm I know that they are taken as enlarged from 10mm, so even if is that close it is Okay? Like if it was something wrong she would see it right? Thanks for answers

Article: Hello I’m a 35F 5ft6 160lbs just had second baby. No medications non smoker allergies mild to cats and hay fever. since I gave birth 4 months ago I’ve been getting sudden rashes all over my arms and neck. They come and go quickly and don’t really itch too much but are bright pink and raised slightly. I’ve been trying to work out what it is because I’ve never had sensitive skin before. I think it’s possibly being caused by the material on my baby changing bag which is like thick linen. Do you know why this could be happening? Thanks!

Article: Hello,
  
    I, (36f, 185lbs, 5’5), have experienced something really strange a couple of times in the last two months.
  
    The first time, I was taking a shower. The water wasn’t hot, but my skin started to feel prickly and dry like a sunburn. After a couple of minutes, the texture of my skin started changing. I was covered from my shoulders to my bottom in what looked like thousands of tiny water blisters. The blisters themselves were not painful. I could run my nail along them to expel the water. Only some of the blisters looked irritated with red rings around them. My skin felt lightly sunburnt for about three days following.
  
    It happened again this week, but it started before my shower. It’s worth noting that the first time happened before a date lol. I have anxiety about dating. This time, I was only mentally considering going on a date with someone when my skin started burning like before. An hour later I took a shower and had the tiny blisters again. It’s been two days and my skin still feels lightly toasted.
  
    Has anyone heard of this? Should I be very concerned, or does this seem like it can wait just a bit? It seems like this is a result of my anxiety around dating, but it seems so extreme lol. I am definitely going to see a doctor about this, but it’s going to take some time before I can get in.
  
    Any insight would be much appreciated!

Article: 55F, 5’6”, 146 pounds. recently diagnosed with mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD), Raynaud's Phenomenon, and systemically enlarged axillary lymph nodes. Taking 300 mg of Hydroxychloroquine daily. Taking 100 mg of Macrobid 2x daily for UTI. I have had the latest Covid vaccine, Flu shot, and RSV vaccine. (Note: This is a throwaway account to preserve my privacy with friends who follow me.)
  


    I got saline implants 10 years ago. No problems with surgery or recovery.
  


    I had my left knee replaced 6 months ago. No problems with surgery or recovery.
  


    About 4 months ago, my fingers began turning dark blue/purple and ice cold throughout the day. I was experiencing extreme fatigue and body aches. I saw my primary care physician who witnessed my blue fingers firsthand. She ran blood tests and the results were positive for Mixed Connective Tissue Disease and secondary Raynaud's.
  


    (This might not be relevant, but I was diagnosed with a UTI 5 weeks ago, but it has not cleared up after being prescribed Keflex, Vantin, Macrobid, Cefdinir, and now Macrobid a second time.)
  
    I was referred to a Rheumatologist who was troubled by the fact that I am in my mid 50's with no previous autoimmune symptoms. She said that autoimmune diseases are usually diagnosed in the late to mid 20's and 30's.
  
    Last week I had my annual mammogram and ultrasound that revealed systemically enlarged axillary lymph nodes, suggesting an autoimmune response. To be on the safe side, my PCP is referring me to a surgeon for a biopsy.
  
    My rheumatologist is leaning toward my 10-year-old breast implants as the cause of my body's recent autoimmune response. She said that if the biopsy doesn't reveal cancer then she will assume the breast implants are the source of my problem.
  
    MY QUESTION: Wouldn't my 6-month-old knee implant more likely be the culprit? My research suggests that Titanium is usually well tolerated, but there are reports of silicone breast implants (mine are saline) triggering an autoimmune response.

Article: I am finding very little from “Dr Google”. The resume is otherwise NIEL. Healthy under 40 female with history of CIN3.

Article: 31M 108 kg (obese) 176 cm Exercise three times a week and lost almost 10 KG in three months.
  
    I had a blood test recently and my liver enzymes are showing to be a little bit elevated, the Doc was concerned about it but did not move forward for any further evaluation. Today I showed the results to another Doctor and he highlighted the elevation as well. Should I be concerned?
  
    I have read that exercising well elevate the enzymes level, and since I am a little bit higher than the range, I am more lean to believe that the exercise is the cause of this elevation.
  
    Please let me know what do you think.
  
    I will share the results in the comments

Article: 26f 125 pounds 5’5
  
    Artificial heart valve put in feb 2020
  
    TIA aug 2022
  
    I suffer from severe ocd and health anxiety
  
    I’m on warfarin and atorvastatin
  
    Hi I have gone to the er almost every day this month. I am working on getting help. I have been having chest pain , shortness of breath pain in my arm and nausea. I know it’s most likely my anxiety but I still think that she’s in the wrong for turning me down for troponin. She told me I didn’t need it and I said I wanted it done but she told me no.

Article: Hello!
  
    I am [26M] facing an issue from last few months, on front of my both index finger, skin peeled off and then healed itself in few days, it is happening on just front and side of index finger and all other fingers and hand are completely fine. Don't know what is the issue as I tried to find whether is it due to some allergic things I used but cannot find anything?
  
    Kindly help as sometime it hurts while skin peeling of and soft tissues appear.

Article: Seeking urologist advice!
  
    First I want to say I know whatever advice/ideas that are given isn’t a “diagnosis” but I would like a doctor to please read before I go to urologist this week.
  
    33 (m) 5’10” 170 lbs.
  
    Married for 8 years to wife. No other partners
  
    About 2 weeks ago I was in a saltwater pool at a hotel that didn’t seem maintained. I did not shower after the pool and continued to wear my swim trunks throughout the whole night.
  
    A couple days later I noticed a few bumps that were itchy (looked like inflamed hair follicle). One was on ballsack, one on scrotum and two by anus. My left groin lymph node was also enlarged. It has since subsided. I itched and scratched the bumps as I was uncomfortable and then tried to pop them (pretty sure that made them worse) I thought they were potentially ingrown hairs. After I opened them I then put mupirocin ointment on them along with hydrocortisone cream. They have mainly healed and no longer itch.
  
    However, I now have pain in my penis (feels like at base). No burning, no discharge, no trouble urinating. Nothing on penis itself. But the pain is there and it almost feels “damaged” in a sense.
  
    Any idea what this could be? Maybe from ointment I was putting on scrotum?
  
    I was taking 5 mg cialis daily for about 20 days for ED. (stopped a week ago)
  
    I also took 5 days of 50 mg twice a day of doxycycline that I had leftover from acne issue that I thought would help with the bumps or any bacteria that may have gotten in them.
  
    Thanks!

Article: I'm a 34-year-old remote worker who spends most of my days at home. Working remotely has its perks, but I noticed a while back that my sedentary lifestyle probably wasn't the healthiest. To combat this, I started working out regularly, incorporating a boatload of supplements into my routine, and aiming to stay active for at least an hour each day. However, I've noticed a somewhat unusual pattern in my weight, and I'm wondering if it's healthy or if I should be concerned.
  
    Every 3-5 days, I find myself suddenly getting significantly heavier, like 4-7 lbs heavier than my maintenance weight (213 is about the highest i've gotten recently). This weight gain usually coincides with a day of feeling exceptionally bloated. However, the next day, I experience what I can only describe as a "big poop day," and my weight seems to return to around my maintenance weight, which is roughly 206 lbs.
  
    I'm not sure if this cycle is normal or if it indicates an issue with my fitness routine, diet, or supplements. It's a bit perplexing, and I'd love to hear from anyone who might have experienced something similar or has expertise in this area.
  
    Here's a bit more about my routine:
  
    - I work out for an hour daily, focusing on a mix of cardio and strength training (bike and dumbells)
  
    - I take various supplements, including vitamins, protein powder, and the latest in expensive longevity hacks (NR, NMN, Resveratrol, Taurine, GlyNac, etc)
  
    - My diet consists mainly of balanced, home-cooked meals (high protein, high fat, but I know I could do better w/ my fiber intake - its pretty low).
  
    Is this weight fluctuation normal, or should I be concerned about my health or fitness regimen? Any advice or insights would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance!

Article: Hey,

My name is Devin 24M, 175 cm height, 72kg weight and i have strange health problem, here is my long story(also sorry for all the bad grammar, English sadly is not my primary language, but I did my best)From day to day, my health is
  
    getting worse, and no one knows what's going on. Due to restricted access to doctors in my country, I have to wait very long for appointments and also pay for them. I thought that maybe I would present my problems on a reddit, and some kind soul who had a similar experienced would be able to suggest something or guide me towards appropriate tests or doctors.
  
TL;DR: My health is getting worse day by day, doctors don't know what's wrong. I have to wait a long time for appointments. I'm looking for help, some connection on the internet, what I can check, or which doctor to go to. A psychiatric check ruled out mental problems as the source of symptoms, so something physical is definitely happening to me. Below, I present the symptoms in the form of a list, and below the whole list, I will describe the exact history of the symptoms, when they started, etc.

    List of symptoms (I decided to list everything that is wrong with my body here, although some things are not very important, it may affect the overall picture of my health):
  


    I don't sleep well (I can sleep 8-10 hours, and still wake up terribly tired and take naps during the day; it's definitely the worst symptom that greatly complicates my daily life and work).
  


    As for sleep itself,, I have realistic, vivid dreams every day. I remember 5-6 of them every day. Also, during falling asleep, before I fall asleep, I am in a kind of half-sleep, half-awake state where I can think normally, move, but I hear sounds that are not there, and I have hallucinatory symptoms, mainly sounds and thoughts, sometimes also images (only when falling asleep). When I take naps, it looks the same. I lie down in bed, haven't fallen asleep yet, and already hear some sounds, etc. And it's like a dream, even though I'm not asleep yet.
  


    After sleeping, I always have a headache, and I feel weak or just weird for the first 2-3 hours of the day.
  


    After waking up from sleep (at night or in the morning), sometimes I also have a hallucinatory symptom in the form of a smell. It's very strange, for about an hour (once a month), I smell something that reminds me of something and triggers a memory, as if I knew it, but I can't name it or say what that memory is. It's a terribly uncomfortable feeling.
  


    After sleeping, my stomach also hurts slightly every day until I take care of it (unfortunately, I have to take care of it right after waking up, because otherwise, I can't stand it; literally, after waking up, I run to the bathroom, often the stool is not just a little less hard).
  


    Often after waking up, my vision pulsates (as if someone threw a stone into the water). Waves appear in one place (if I close my eyes,i can still see it pulsating, in both right and left eye in the same spot). It pulsates for a few seconds, then I can't sharpen my vision, and it seems worse for a while. It doesn't occur in the entire field of vision, only in one place (usually the same). Literally, as if someone threw a stone into the water in one small place of vision. (My whole vision has been examined; the doctor said it must be for some external reason, e.g., circulation or something else, because my vision and eye nerves are healthy). It occurs not only after waking up but also randomly during the day.
  


    Around the same time as sleep problems, I had some heart problem. One day, while I was working, i got pain in heart area (the first time in my life), as if someone squeezed my heart with with full force using hand (it lasted literally a fraction of a second, like one heartbeat). That day, every heartbeat caused little sharp pain until the end of the day. My left arm hurt then, and it was slightly numb, probably the whole left side of my body. I talked to a cardiologist who said it couldn't be a heart attack because I have other symptoms, and I am too young for that. Since then, once every few weeks, my heart or chest hurts just like that, or rather the chest where the heart is (it seems to me it's the heart, but you never know). Sometimes it's like squeezing the chest, sometimes like a stab. It occurs more often during sports or adrenaline, etc. A year after this incident, I was in the mountains, and the day after 3 days of effort, something in my heart seemed to be jumping all day (a feeling like some fish jumping around, and I felt a little weak when I went to sleep during the day it passed). I had an ECG, ECHO, HOLTER 48H done about 2 years after these events, and they showed nothing (unfortunately, since it happens once every 2-3 weeks, my heart/chest didn't hurt when I had the Holter on).
  


    After spending the day exerting myself, my head always starts hurting around 15/16:00 (where my forehead and temples are), and I start seeing much less clearly until I rest (take a nap).
  


    Sometimes I also have a momentary feeling of weakness and loss of hearing (more like buzzing and getting very quiet, "calmly" as if, and it buzzes loudly in one ear, sometimes left, sometimes right). After a few seconds, it goes away. I have the impression that at that moment, my heart is slower and, after a while, my heart beats faster,
  


    Since I don't sleep well, I also have very dark circles under my eyes (in fact, I've had them since literally childhood, but back then i slept better. No one ever saw what they are from, and they assumed it's genetic, even though no one in my family has them).
  


    I also noticed that my heart is a bit weaker than it used to be. Often, when I stand up quickly, it slows down for a moment, so I have to stand still for a moment, grab my chest so I don't feel weak, after which the rhythm levels out.
  


    During sports and other activities, I also noticed that the heart reaches a much higher heart rate, and also often, especially during sex, even though it doesn't beat very fast, it beats very hard, even after regular masturbation, for about half a minute, it literally beats strongly, as if it could fly out of the chest. It's not about speed but the sheer force of the beats. Although the heart rate itself is a bit higher.
  


    Among other things, sometimes after eating, I get a strong cough attack with phlegm, and when I cough it up, I literally feel like someone has rubbed sandpaper on my digestive tract from the stomach to the throat. Literally, my esophagus hurts, and all those things for a dozen seconds, as if that phlegm literally tears the digestive tract. I also often have déjà vu.Regarding the timing of symptoms:The first one to appear was pulsating vision (as if someone threw a stone into the water) about 6-7 years ago (when I was about 17 years old). Then something strange happened after my first airplane flight. The whole week after the flight (I flew only 1.5 hours), I felt incredibly strange, terribly weak, my neck was numb, I lay in bed for a week, I had no fever or anything, I also had no appetite, and I didn't want to drink. After about a week, it passed and never happened again. But it was an incredibly strange feeling I had never had in my life before. I just felt incredibly weak, and my neck hurt numb. After that, I flew several times within a year, and it didn't happen again, but during this time, I gradually stopped sleeping well, had to sleep more, after waking up in the morning, I had to nap for another 2-3 hours, and so over time (over about a year/two, it started to worsen to the state I'm in now). After the last plane flight, I also had a very high heart rate that couldn't be lowered (I went to the hospital then, they gave me pills, and it eventually passed, but they found no defect that could cause it). About half a year after that, my heart hurt at work for the first time and lasted until the end of the day (as I described in the symptoms), and since then, it hurts from time to time (it's possible that it's not the heart, but I have the impression that it is). All this was at the age of about 20-21. I waited a long time to go to the doctors because in my country, the waiting times are long, and it costs a lot, also because I am young, they often approached me on the principle of (go for some runs, it will be better, be more active you are to young to have health problems). This year I decided to take care of my health because sleep has deteriorated to the point where I started having problems at work, and it literally became very difficult for me to function.
  


From the tests I've had so far:



    Polysomnography (showed mild sleep apnea 6 ahi/h, but CPAP helps only slightly, I still don't sleep well, and I have the rest of the symptoms).
  


    ECG, ECHO, and HOLTER 48h normal (I also wanted to do a CT scan of the heart for peace of mind to be sure it's not a circulation problem, but I couldn't get the doctor's approval for that).
  


    MRI and CT of the head normal Some misaligned vertebrae in the neck (but the neurologist said they have nothing to do with the symptoms).
  


    EEG for epilepsy good, showed slight changes but within normal limits (but I only had the test after sleep, never had it after a whole night without sleep).
  


    General blood tests good except for reduced vitamin D and elevated ESR (inflammatory state in the body).
  


    Currently waiting for MSLT tests for narcolepsy
  


    Eye and vision exam (all normal)This is my condensed history. If you have any questions, feel free to ask, and I hope that together we will be able to direct me to some tests that will allow me to solve this health mystery because it's getting harder for me to live with it from day to day. Thank you in advance for all your help <3 I hope this post will also help people who have similar symptoms and dont know what is going on

Article: Hello, I (40f) play a role in helping my dad (61m) in his historically complex health care. Most recently, he has a compression fracture in his back and was referred to a pain clinic where he was given a tox screen which reveals cocaine use. He signed an agreement minutes before a UA was performed. These results are  HUGE news to me, I knew he used the occasional edible but this blows my mind because of the risk involved with illicit drug use. He has a history of alcoholism but has been sober for the past six months due to liver issues. He was fired by the pain clinic as a result of this test. He is shaken and feels like “the scum of the earth”. He has always been a top notch father, provider, community member…he’s taking this very hard and has vowed not to touch anything again.
  
    His big concern is finding future care and explaining these lab results when his records are forwarded. I am going to try to guide him through this, and hopefully be present at future visits. How do I help him through this? Does he have any rights in finding care? Can you please help me find a tactful way to explain the case to his future and existing providers and how to best proceed?

Article: I (25F, 125 lbs) have been taking 450 mg lithium extended release tablets, 1 in the morning and 1 at night. I have a 35-40 day menstrual cycle, and the first day of my last period was September 13th. Online calculators base their estimates on a shorter cycle, so I could be anywhere from 7-8 weeks pregnant. Positive at home tests were done last Wednesday and again Thursday.
  
    I know that lithium is toxic to the fetus. But if I stop taking it now, under the direction of my prescriber, would the embryo/fetus/baby be okay? Or is it too late already? I’m worried about heart defects and deformities. What are the chances that it’s too late?

Article: 24, M, 6’1,  220 lb.
  
    A relatively healthy young man going on month 2 of nearly unbearable joint pain & stiffness. What pain started in the ankles/back of the knees has spread to the elbows, back, and pretty much every other joint besides hands over the course of 2 months. His job requires heavy lifting but he initially thought it was from playing and being super active with baseball recently. (Also a former high school athlete)
  
    We are so confused and can’t find answers to this!
  
    Have gotten all kinds of blood work so far it’s shown- High inflammatory markers, mediocre-low testosterone levels, low folate.
  
    No arthritis,lupus, or Lymes disease.
  
    It did show mono? He was sick 2 months ago with covid like symptoms. Could this be the aftermath of mono?
  
    This is nearly debilitating and we need all the answers we can get! TIA

Article: 17 years old, male, 65 kg.so for past couple of months (3-4 months) im having a weird ache around my knee that only last for few seconds and then goes away, its usually randomly felt around the knee (above the knee, side of the knee, on the kneecap, bottom the knee etc), no pain can be felt by touching and is hard to pin point, its usually felt when im moving my knee although there is no pain when the knee is at resting position, the pain usually feel like pinching inside and is pretty mild, i also feel a pulling pain sensation around and above my knee whenever im climbing stairs, i went to a doctor couple of days ago and he gave me vitamin and told it could be an issue with my ligaments, could it be something serious or it is an issue with my ligament of the knee? it all occured without any known injuries.

Article: 22F Asthma Take Vit D supplements
  
    They usually appear very prominent in the summer so I was told my the Doctor it was PLE but why are they apparent in the winter? They become very itchy at night or when l'm cleaning etc In the summer they were red like a rash or sunburn but now they are either white like a dry patch or a raised colourless bump Still itchy

Article: 30M. I have chest pain but mild sometimes to the center from the past few days. Mostly it comes due stretching my arms, or pressing the spot.
  
    I had a small pimple at that spot.Now it went away but the spot is still there.
  
    I have high tryglycerides at 300. Cholestrol is normal. Vitamin D is low and so taking supplements.
  
    My father had a heart attack last year and probably the reason I am scared of whenever something happens near chest.
  
    Please help.

Article: Female 1 year old, 79 cm, 9.5kg
  
    Hi doctors
  
    I would like to know if Fingerstick blood sampling is enough to diagnose diabetes in toddlers. Is the quantity enough?
  
    I am asking this because they did it this way with our 1 year old daughter to rule out diabetes.
  
    Many thanks in advance

Article: F20 just woke up this morning with the most painful bumps on the side of my thumb and now i’m paranoid. for a little background, last week i took a plan b and then a few days later i got a yeast infection. i got that treated with the one day pill and then immediately after i started my period even though i’m not supposed to for another 2 weeks and i’m usually pretty regular. i tested negative for stds but i’m not sure if i got tested for herpes. alright now what i’m getting at…should i be concerned about these bumps?? they’re a small cluster of small bumps on the bottom side of my thumb. i don’t know if it’s a combination of paranoia and not feelings good down there or what but i’m freaking out about these bumps and my health

Article: POST op 3 months

Article: Good morning doctors! I'm hoping to get a better idea of what's going on with our daughter (14 month female). I just got laid off and we lost our insurance until my husband's starts on 12/1, so I'm trying to avoid an unnecessary visit because we're already $700 in the hole for two visits this week. Background: two weeks ago we all got sick with some cold/flu virus. Home test for COVID negative. It cleared up about 9 days ago, but two days later, our daughter spiked a fever again and became exceptionally fussy with a decreased appetite and increased tiredness. After 3 days of this we bit the bullet and took her to her pediatrician. She diagnosed a double ear infection and started her on amoxicillin. This was Thursday afternoon. By Sunday morning her fever, tiredness, and fussiness was still not better, so I called her pediatrician back. They got her in yesterday afternoon and I was told her ears look slightly better, but the fever still being there was a slight concern. At this point she had it for 6 days. They did a urinalysis to check for UTI, but that came up negative. They mentioned it could just be a new virus on top of this or something longer lasting like mono? But they didn't want to rush in to doing bloodwork, which I agreed with. Doctor said to give it another day or two and see. Now this morning she has erupted in a rash all over her chest/belly. It is a bunch of teeny little red pin-size bumps. Any ideas? We can't afford another $300 visit with inconclusive results! Is this something we should be concerned about or is it just some run-of-the-mill virus?

Article: Hello, me and my wife (38F), had a routine blood test done two days ago. After the blood was taken, she had a lot of pain in her hand, today when we took off the bandaid there seems to be strange bruising in her arms mainly on the veins from where the blood was taken.
  
    Could anyone suggest if this is normal and go on its own or should we get to a doctor asap?
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/n3wNPyG

Article: Male, 37years, 93kg, 179 cm
  
    So, I caught cold for the third time this year, and as usually, it coincided with GERD.I first got GERD 3 years ago, when living in an apartment where the landlord started doing some remodeling while i lived in it. Drilling holes in the walls  while I was at work created lots of dust that caused me to have bronchitis and caughing for 30 days. After that past, I was constantly feeling hot, sweating and felt my throat is irritated. As it was the time of lockdown and I was a PhD student in foreign country   with no health insurance, it took me 3 months to realise on my own  that my throat is not hurting because of respiratory issues, but acid. After I went home for summer, having suffered  for 6 months without treatment,  gastroscopy confirmed that i had damage to my esophageal epithelia. I started with PP inhibitors and recovered after 5 months.However, since then, every time I catch some respiratory infection, I get GERD symptoms back. It makes my cold so much worse and it prolongs my recovery. Liquid comes down from sinuses, and also, due to acid, my salivary glands become too active and liquid comes up as well. This makes it very difficult to fall asleep, as I have constant feeling that this is blocking my respiration and  i might asphyxiate i sleep.
  
    Is there a way to break this unfortunate association somehow? My own theory is that my mucus is so damaged, that some immune cells are exposed, which they shouldn't be, and that produces too much histamine, which in turn relaxes my lower esophageal sphincter. Any gastrointestinal specialists here that might reccomend something?

Article: Hi
  
    Male
  
    33 yo
  
    6ft.
  
    15st (approx)
  
    England - Non drinker - non smoker - reasonably active - office worker
  
    I've been suffering from really bad pain at the very, very bottom of my back for almost 3 months now. This is getting worse not better to the point that I now avoid sitting down or lying on my back in bed. The only way I can explain where the pain is would be the very tip of the base of your back between your bum cheeks. E.g. if you were to pace your finger between your cheeks on the very tip of your spine (not the outward facing part of your spine).
  
    When stood up there's no pain whatsoever, I have no form of limited movement and there is no type of movement I do that causes any pain in my back or that area. I play football once a week and have 3 kids (2, 8 & 10) that I can run around with, pick up, carry etc and again, no pain whatsoever.
  
    When sat down however there is a constant pain on the very tip of the base of my spine. The pain is at a level in which I have to sit with my leg tucked under me to keep the base of my back elevated from whatever I'm sat on. The pain is at it's worst when sat on something hard but it's still excruciating when sat on soft things such as our memory foam mattress or the sofa. I can position my back in a position it doesn't hurt if I know I'm sitting for a prolonged period but upon getting up the pain will be worse and I can almost feel a "clicking" sensation in it. The biggest flareups come while driving for a prolonged period (20mins +) but it's present permanently when seated. When laid on my back the pain is lessened but still 'nagging' so the comfiest position to sleep on is my side.
  
    In terms of the type of pain, it's a sharp pain at first then becomes more like an ache. This pain also seems to cause an ache in the top of my legs after a period of time. My partner had no idea what I meant when I said this but the ache in my legs is like when you really need to 'poo' but can't (car journey or in a meeting etc).
  
    York Hospital and our local hospital have a policy that means they will not X-Ray your coccyx. I have no idea why but they flat refused. I have had an X-Ray of my lower back where the radiologist said you could actually see my Coccyx and they said everything came back normal. I have also had blood tests to rule out any form of bone issues which also came back clear.
  
    Does anyone have any idea what this is and what my next move should be? I'm not someone who generally goes to the doctors about issues but this is causing quite substantial pain and discomfort  every single day of my life and I feel like no one has any idea what it is or how to help.

Article: so its been about a month i've had this rough sorta skin feeling around my left ribcage on the front, its not visible on top of the skin, nor can you feel any lumps or anything, i'm kinda concerned its on my left lung instead. pain wise its not that bad, feels a bit stingy from time to time, but more concerningly i've seem to have developed what feels like a dry cough, without the cough bit, so bit of pressure in center of chest (blaming anxiety on that bit) and it feels like i need to clear it to clear my voice, though my voice isnt exactly hoarse, its just feels like it vibrates a bit more than it should when speaking. feels overall like im losing my voice, you know when you speak to much in day. that sorta feeling. Tea doesnt fix it, nor does water consumption.i dont have a fever, i feel a little bit spaced out, but my oxygen levels when i had this checked by a paramedic (couldnt get a doctor appointment) were 98/99. i was told to come back when more symptoms show.
  
    Since then i've had backpain on my left side as well, both top and bottom, i thought i'd pulled a muscle at the gym or something, but it doesnt matter which way i bend my back i cant force the pain, the pain is at random, its like a deep ache.
  
    Image linkhttps://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/412871360424181771/1173630845718904852/20231113_142837.jpg?ex=6564a7e6&is=655232e6&hm=e9d16808992385533b45ff1fd2a954b33bc9fd3c3603e79e9c4c05b74775a9a7&(sorry for not the best pic, hard to take them on your own. between my 2 fingers essentially, along the wall/edge of my lungs it feels)
  
    information about me.
  
    i'm 33M, 6ft 1, 87kg, 17% body fat (theres a machine at gym), White British (live in UK)
  
    i was diagnosed with asthma when i was a baby, i think i've out grown it though as i havent used an inhaler in over 15 years, i still carry the blue one just incase it comes back at a later stage in life.
  
    i smoked cigerettes (12-20 per day) from the age of around 12 - 23 to which then i moved to vaping, i dont have a crazy vape that creates clouds, just more one to control my addiction, i was using 18mg liquid from about 23 - 32, now i'm down to 6mg, i'm trying to ween myself of it down the line as its just more frustrating than anything else these days (battery dies at wrong, coil dies at wrong time, vape leaks all over pocket and you smell like a womans handbag all day ect), with the plan of cold turkey at a later date when i feel ready, plan to move to 3mg first, then go from there. That said, i do vape alot, way more than i should i know, but when i work it drops off massively.
  
    i dont take any medication, but i do take a multivitamin, i eat very well these days, used to have gallstones and had my gallbladder removed, porridge/weetabix in a morning with 1 scoop of protein powder, 4-5 eggs scrambled, baked beans and some brown rice for lunch, for main meal its chicken, brown rice and brocoli. i eat this exclusively day in day out.
  
    i weight train 3 times a week, but outside of that my life style is mostly sedentary, currently out of work and spend most of my time sat at my pc. i dont drive so i walk everywhere. basically physically fit.
  
    Drug wise, in my teenage years i was quite off the rails, i've used alot of hard drugs between the ages of 13 and 17 (i can specify on request). from 23 till about 3 months ago i smoked weed once or twice a month. but i kept getting depressed and decided maybe it was that causing it so i removed it. i did notice pain in this area above though when using a bong and coughing alot due to it.
  
    Alcohol wise, probably 1-2 beers, every 3-6 months, i dont drink, dont enjoy it, but socially, like a wedding or what not i may have 1 or 2 at most. im a lightweight so thats plenty.
  
    i've done a bit of googling around the subject but i have no medical qualifications, thus i'm here to ask you guys what you think, though i'll state what i've seen and dont think it is.
  
    pleurisy, i've had in the past but im not wheezing at all nor do i have sharp pains when i take deep breaths.
  
    Covid, although this has caused me to lose my voice before on and off for about 3 months, im not congested at all, my nose isnt runny or blocked, nor do i have a cough, no fever either.
  
    Cold/Flu, the spaced out feeling does feel similar to what a cold would feel like much milder though, no headaches, the above covid bit states the rest why i dont think its this.
  
    To anything else i simply do not possess the knowledge to say what it is or isnt, the scary bad stuff.
  
    i look forward to hearing your responses, i tried to provide as much information as i could think of, sorry if some of this is irrelevant. Thank you for your time in advance :)

Article: Male, 30 y.o., 6'1" (185cm), 83 kg: white Ireland based
  
    Hi all - for a number of years I suffered from debilitating trigeminal neuralgia and took high doses of a number of meds (including carbamazepine/tegretol, phenytoin, pregabalin/lyrica). The trigeminal neuralgia was episodic and I was able to come off the drugs every few months when I was pain free before restarting when my pain returned. Whenever I was on the meds, I noticed less libido and decreased sexual sensitivity - this was never an issue as my main priority was reducing my pain levels and my libido and sensation always returned whenever I discontinued the meds. However, in 2019 I noticed some pins and needles to my genitals - it felt like my penis had gone to sleep- not painful, just like when you sit funny and an arm or leg goes to sleep. When I next came off the meds however, I noticed the feeling never fully came back. I attributed this to the long periods of taking Carbamazepine and eventually had the microvascular decompression surgery in 2020. This was a full success and I have not had any pain since, however the feeling has not returned either, even after not taking the medication for a number of years now.
  
    Over the last few years I have now been to a number of specialists. The urologist has done a number of tests, including testosterone, estradiol, prolactin, etc. I have been tested for diabetes and vitamin deficiencies and these have also come back negative. I cannot for the life of me figure out what has gone wrong as I have managed to get my life back with regards to my pain but am now left missing a large part of my previous life. I have been tested for STDs as a precaution (despite being in a long-term monogamous relationship) and these were all also negative. I have never taken antidepressants or finasteride (or any other meds other than the meds used to treat my TN) but the information on post SSRI sexual dysfunction do make me think that the drugs I took may have had a long term effect on me similar to those caused by an SSRI. Can anyone think of why this might be? I do not have any issues getting or maintaining an erection at all but there hardly seems a point to sex due to the lack of pleasure and sensation. My other theory was that I may have MS. Trigeminal neuralgia can sometimes be the first symptom of MS and I thought the numbness may be the second episode of MS and that it may just be a coincidence that this set in as I was taking medication. My neuro has ruled this out an says all tests came back fine including several MRIs, evoked potentials etc. More recently I have been experiencing severe fatigue - unfortunately another nonspecific symptom I am unable to "prove" with tests. The fatigue first set in in 2019 and at the time I also blamed this on the medication which is known to cause sleepiness and fatigue. Unfortunately the fatigue only seems to have gotten worse.
  
    Given the lack of objective test results my general practitioner now seems to have put me into the hypochondriac box and is no longer willing to explore any more avenues with me (I will try to switch soon). He suggested my symptoms are psychological and that I am suffering from anxiety and/or depression. I am more than happy to explore this option as even if the issues were psychological at least I could treat them somehow. I sought out a therapist as I currently feel anxious and depressed because of my fatigue and sexual issues. I have a great therapist who explored this and the impact this was having on my life but she also said she could rule out anxiety and depression as the cause.My psych agreed to try me on Modafinil and Buproprion for the fatigue. On the Modafinil I feel slightly wired from a psychological point of view but my body feels just as fatigued and I can even sleep all day on them (despite them promoting wakefulness). The Buproprion I felt gave me a slight energy boost but there was no change to the sexual side of things. I am only 30 and I very much miss having a sexuality. At the moment I almost feel asexual and it is having an impact on my relationship. I could sleep all day every day and cannot find the energy to do even the things I used to enjoy. I have a well paying job which I can carry out from home but even there I find myself procrastinating to the extent that I am certain I will lose my job within the next years. Fatigue is such a difficult symptom to convey as I feel everyone jokes about being tired all the time. I want to scream at people and say I can barely get out of bed but I also don't want my medical practitioners to think I'm a hyperchondriac. I am scheduled to have a sleep test done in January (an at home sleep test indicated I might have central sleep apnea) but in all honesty I just cannot see any health condition that explains both my fatigue and the lack of sensation down below (other than MS). I have explored the option of CFS however I don't have the typical PEM - my exhaustion seems pretty stable (although gradually deteriorating). Despite my therapist saying I don't meet the criteria for clinical depression I do find myself becoming increasingly hopeless - my sexuality used to be a big part of my life and now as a young man I find it completely gone which is so frustrating. I did wonder if I have some issue with Dopamine as I now struggle to motivate myself to do much at all (I used to be quite a driven person, hopping from one project to the next). However, if it were a dopamine issue then surely the Buproprion would have helped with this.
  

    Sorry for the rambling post but this is a very frustrating position to be in, particularly given the symptoms aren't objective.
  
    TLDR: After taking Carbamazepine over several years I feel fatigued and experience genital numbness.

Article: Female,
  


    Age 27
  


    130 lbs
  


    Ontario, Canada
  


    ADHD, inattentive presentation
  


    Adderall xr 20mg
  


    I was recently diagnosed with ADHD.
  
    The two worst things about it for me are organization and time management.
  
    My room is in a state of squalor. It's really bad and probably worse than you've seen on some hoarding TV shows. There are open food containers with rotting and moldy food from years ago. It smells. There are definitely problems with centipede and fruit flies, and maybe more because I wake up with bites. I have used menstrual products just lying around. All flat surfaces are covered in clutter, I cannot see the floor because it's so messy, and all containers and boxes get filled with junk. It certainly resembles hoarding.
  
    It's really bad, and I'm aware of it, and I can't push myself to clean or stay cleaning.
  
    I am worried that I'm going to be evicted if my landlord finds out.
  
    I've always been this messy, but I've relied on two different things to help me. The first, was my parents. They got tired of it and kicked me out. Second, was alcohol. I find cleaning extremely boring... I know everyone does, but it makes it almost impossible for me to do. Once every 5-6 months I would get black out drunk so I could tolerate cleaning for several hours and clean to make things "ok". Unfortunately, as I've gotten older I can't stand alcohol. That's good for my health but I've been incapable of cleaning without it. I stopped drinking about a year ago because my stomach reacted pretty badly. And since then my mess has been really really really out of control.
  
    If you don't understand what executive function is and how ADHD means you struggle with it, I expect judgment and honestly I get it. None of this is okay, and "I just can't" sounds like an insufficient explanation.
  
    I've tried to reach out to hoarding organizations but they said I did not qualify because I don't meet thresholds for being a hoarder. Basically, I don't feel compelled to keep things out of anxiety or OCD or emotional attachment or an "I'll need it" factor. I don't feel compelled to acquire and collect and hoard. I'm also a little too self-aware about how much of a problem it is, whereas hoarders are much more in denial and resist help quite often. I basically just look lazy to them, and they don't help people who are just lazy. And... I get it.
  
    So, if I'm honest with a doctor about how I'm struggling and how I think I need access to therapy and a higher dosage just to be able to CLEAN, how can that impact me? I live with another tenant in this unit who is unaware of how bad my mess is. Squalor, mold, infestations, keeping your unit in a good state of repair - these are all reasons for eviction and I'm terrified of that. I'm terrified of some sort of inspector stopping by or perhaps they notify my landlord or roommate. Perhaps they just don't want me at their office if they're worried about infestations. I want help, but I don't want the process of reaching out to end in an eviction or sour the relationship with my landlord.
  
    Yeah... so... please advise if possible. When can a doctor break confidentiality in my area? Please let me know if anything I mentioned would qualify.

Article: Pain charts and symptoms description

    I am a 37yo male, 5'5, 65kg/143lbs, french, athletic.
  
    3.5 years ago I suddenly felt an excruciating pain and it became more and more frequent. For more than a year my life has become a real struggle. I'm going from specialist to specialist and none of them is able to give me a diagnosis, and worst of all, not even any treatment that could give some relief. As one can imagine, after that much time all of the frequent/usual conditions have already been set aside so we're looking for something quite rare.
  
    I hope to have given most details of my situation in the pictures in the link. Please let me know if any query.
  
    The purpose of the charts I did were to identify any correlation between physical activity and pain (I also did some recording the hours sitting per days or the stairs climbed per day), but I did not identify any link. I also recorded the drugs I took to identify any effect, but as you will see there isn't any.

Article: I am a 47 year old female that had a stroke 10 years ago.  I have had increasing memory problems for about 6 months now.  I did get an EEG but can’t get in to see the doctor til the end of next month.  I will post the results below.  Is this “normal” results for someone that has had a stroke.  Any info would be greatly appreciated.
  
    Description of findings: The posterior background rhythm is well modulated with activity of 10 Hz  of low to moderate amplitude. In the frontal regions there is lower  voltage beta activity seen bilaterally. The background rhythm is reactive  to eye closure. Photic stimulation produces a symmetric driving response.  Hyperventilation is not performed. Drowsiness and light sleep are  captured. There is rare increased slowing over the left hemisphere, most  notable during drowsiness. There are no epileptiform sharp waves, spikes  or spike and slow wave complexes captured. EKG reveals a regular rhythm.  Impression: Abnormal slowing during drowsiness due to focal slowing which likely  correlates with prior history of stroke. There are no epileptiform  abnormalities. Clinical correlation is advised.

Article: 26F, 110 lb, 5’2
  
    Not on any medication
  
    I was slated to have hernia repair surgery two weeks ago. I don’t want to go into detail about why, but I found out I was roughly 4 weeks pregnant 5 days before that. I did not want this pregnancy, and took misoprostol and mifepristone and started that process 2 days after I found out. My surgeon cancelled my surgery. I tried explaining the whole situation to him, I was only 4 weeks, I had likely already passed the pregnancy, my HCG levels were not very high. He still cancelled it. He wouldn’t explain why beyond hormone changes make things more difficult and more likely to get an infection. I don’t really understand what about my dropping hormones would change things. I eventually went silent and started to cry as he demanded I talk to him about why I was so upset. I am in so much pain, I can’t do my every day job, and now he won’t let me book surgery until mid December. I had my HCG levels checked and I went from 143 to 46 over 2 days and I should be testing negative at this point. My OB for the abortion and my regular OB said I would be ok to have the surgery and were not concerned with anything else. I just don’t understand why he is making me wait 7 weeks for the procedure. My hormone levels by this point should be down to non pregnant levels. If the concern was with hormone levels, it isn’t an issue anymore. The way he handled me being upset made me extremely uncomfortable, and his lack of real explanation as to why he was making me wait so long has made me want to get another surgeon. I have two questions.
  
    1: why 7 weeks?
  
    2: if I get another surgeon, should I explain this entire situation to them? Is there such a massive danger in not waiting 7 weeks?
  
    Thank you

Article: I (51m) have never really told anyone about this until yesterday when I told wife, and she laughed hysterically. I guess I did too.
  
    I can squeeze what "feels like" a muscle inside my head. It's not my temporal muscle, not neck muscles, at least not any muscle that I know I'm flexing or is visible that I'm flexing. I have to concentrate, then squeeze.
  
    I've been aware of this "muscle" since I was like fifteen.
  
    It literally feels like I'm squeezing something inside my skull and creates a tingling sensation that radiates around my head and down my spine.
  
    What is it? Not something particularly important, just trivial curiosity.
  
    I've searched the inter-webs and found nothing.

Article: Age: 61M Height: 6’5 Weight: 176lbs Non-smoker and no alcohol use. No current medications except for melatonin. Past history of stage 1B NSCLC in 2017 that was treated with a lobectomy. He didn’t do chemo or genetic testing for any markers. No recurrence. Last clean CT scan was October of 2022 (five-year clear mark).
  
    Ever since my dad was diagnosed with cancer in 2017, I’ve had a lot of anxiety about his health. In the past year, I’ve noticed that he seems to be degenerating in many aspects and I’m not sure if it’s old age or a cause for concern.
  
    The most noticeable differences have been in his mobility/coordination and his speech. I’ve noticed in the last year that he’s become increasingly uncoordinated. He’ll often trip over things, sway/tip to the side while he’s walking, and have trouble balancing when hiking/walking on uneven terrain. He does have problems with his knee joints and says that there is a lot of swelling and pain in them. (He says this is leftover from when he was a professional athlete and he sustained multiple knee injuries from jumping). He also says he has increasingly little strength in his legs/joints and that’s why he is uncoordinated. He also has back problems and can’t really bend down to pick things up without straining/being in discomfort.
  
    The other major thing I’ve noticed is that his speech, memory, and speech processing seems to have deteriorated significantly in the last year. I’ve noticed that he has trouble finding the right word and often stutters. This happens a few times everyday and he has to try multiple times to use the right word. He often also just misuses words and will respond back with a wrong word even if you repeat it multiple times (e.g., I’ll say the name of a restaurant multiple times and he will still say it back to me wrong). Also, often I’ll say something and he’ll just stare at me blankly for 5-15 seconds while he processes what I say. It’s a big scary. He also has trouble recalling names, memories, details, etc. When any of this happens he just shrugs it off and says “Wow I’m getting old.”
  
    These are the two major things that I’m concerned about, but he’s also had a persistent cough for the last month leftover from when he caught a cold. He also chokes /coughs regularly when he eats and says it’s because his throat gets irritated easily. He’s also experiencing very itchy/dry skin on his legs and he’s scratched them to the point that there are tiny scabs. Lastly, ever since his lung surgery to remove his tumor, he hasn’t been able to get his weight back up. He’s very thin but his weight hasn’t fluctuated in the last five years.
  
    I’m just so worried. He currently splits his time evenly between China and the U.S., but most of his health records are in the U.S. but he doesn’t speak English well so he’s not a good advocate for himself, which is why I have to be his advocate. Ever since he was declared cancer free, he has been really confident about his health and doesn’t want to see any doctors. I told him he’s delayed for his yearly CT and he isn’t even concerned.
  
    What should be my course of action here? Is there anything warranting an immediate doctor’s visit (he’s currently in China and wait times are nonexistent for any doctors)? He will return to the US in about a month. What should I do here in the US…make him a primary care appointment or specialist appointments? I’m just so concerned about a cancer recurrence. He’s already delayed two months for his yearly CT. Should I just tell him to get it now in China or wait a month until he gets back to the US where his past records are?

Article: Hello, hoping some opinions from medical personnel:
  
    I am 30F, healthy, 18.5 BMI. My first pregnancy was at 28yo, non eventful until ~34 weeks. I started measuring 3 cm/weeks behind. Induced at 38 weeks + 3 days due to oligohydramnios. Baby was born healthy, APGAR 9, but low birth weight of 5lb 5oz.
  
    I have no risk factors for preeclampsia, no known family history of such either. No previous miscarriages or multi fetal pregnancies.
  
    During my 6 week f/up with my OB, she advised on using low dose aspirin with my subsequent pregnancies starting around 12 weeks.
  
    I am pregnant again, currently 12 weeks.
  
    My husband and I are both in healthcare, so we combed through all of the literature around this. None of the guidelines we found suggested I fall into the category of needing to take low dose asprin.
  
    My NP recommended just following OB directions, but aknowledged the discrepancy. I understand for legal medical reasons, it’s hard to argue against a specialist’s stance.
  
    So now I’m hoping for some outside opinions. How would you advise your patient to proceed? Should ASA just be taken as OB recommended years ago?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 44 male 5’11” 255 pounds Non smoker, non drinker, no drugs St. Louis Missouri
  
    I have noticed a hard lump that feels like it’s part of my skull on the left side base where the neck meets up with the skull. No pain. I feel it on both sides but it’s is very noticeable on the left side.
  
    Can anyone tell me what this could be?

Article: Hello all, I am currently uninsured but working on it but would like some tips in the meantime and also a place to start for when I have the insurance as I feel like it might take some time to get a direct answer. I am a 29F, overweight but have lost 30 pounds in the last year. I used to be a heavy drinker about 6 years ago for a total of about 3 years, and I mean I have no problem admitting being an alcoholic in that regard. I slowed down over time and am now at a point where if I even drink it's maybe twice a month and not near the quantity it used to be and haven't drank anything in a month. I have a very stressful home life, I am a caregiver for my mom who has MS but has also been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, so she is very combative and triggers my anxiety. I was also working in a high stress job two years ago and actually suffered a mental breakdown where they gave me a sabbatical and I got set up with psych and therapy. The psych was going off an over 10 year old diagnosis from when I was a teenager of being bipolar and so she kept putting me on antipsychotics even though at one point I attempted to tell her I didn't believe I had bipolar disorder. She also eventually started me on 0.5mg of clonopin. The therapist I had diagnosed me with C-PTSD. Before the time of the start of psychiatric help I had an intense hypertensive attack where I had to go to the hospital. I had follow up care with a doctor there and I was started on Valsartan. I was also pre-diabetic so I was started on Metformin and eventually Ozempic and that got my blood sugar to regulate. Unfortunately I haven't been on any of those meds in over a year due to losing my insurance when I quit my job. However I haven't had any of the symptoms that I was experiencing before but I'm sure they are still there just not as bad.
  
    When I quit my job my anxiety got out of control. I could not leave my house. My mom is prescribed clonopin as well so I was taking that from time to time when it got unbearable but recently started seeing a psych who's premium I can afford once a month. She listened to me about the bipolar and decided to treat my biggest issues; depression and anxiety. She started me about 1 month and a half ago on Lexapro 10mg. She also started me on 10mg of propranolol. The first two weeks the side effects from the Lexapro were awful but I regulated by the next appointment where she upped the dose to 20mg. The anxiety however was even worse so she opted to either start me back on clonopin or gabapentin, my choice. I chose gabapentin, since clonopin only ever really took the edge off. That was about 2 weeks ago. The gabapentin has been amazing for me. I take 300mgs 3 times a day and sometimes only 2 if I feel like I don't need the middle dose (per her rec). And the Lexapro as well has made a huge difference. So I really don't want either of these drugs to be the source of the problem.
  
    Now to the problem. I did forget to mention my history of insomnia, I was on trazodone for it but eventually due to all the stress I went from insomnia to hyposomnia so didn't take it anymore and never take it unless I'm having an episode of insomnia which rarely happens especially considering what's going on now. A few months back before I started any of these new medications and before I was taking anything other than a clonopin here and there but never while at work, I found myself nodding off randomly and uncontrollably. I would blink and doze off for like 10 seconds. This would last for a few hours and then I would still be fatigued but the micronapping wasn't happening. I had also met my boyfriend at this time and I will admit that during the first 2 weeks of us hanging out like 2 dumb idiots we just wanted to spend time together and were up way later than we needed to talking or hanging out. Since then that has seized. However I also noticed at his house he would put something on the TV, I would be fine and awake look at the TV and after about 5 minutes I'd start the nodding and eventually passed out. I came to the conclusion that maybe it was severe screen fatigue and some sleep deprivation mixed in. Eventually that stopped happening and I stopped nodding off at work. Also as a note the nodding at work was only happening when I wasn't stimulated because my current job is much slower paced than my last one and I have a lot of down time.
  
    Cut to this last week. I started nodding off at work again, but I would be actually stimulated entering data and blinking and next thing you know it was 10 seconds later, and I'd have double vision after opening my eyes. I would drink coffee, go outside to get some air which would work for about 10 minutes than repeat. I know it correlates with the start of the gab which is why I hope it's not that but I'm also confused because the first week the gab melted away my anxiety and I think it was the most efficient I have been at work. This weekend however things got scary. Now when this was happening before and I was driving from my bfs house to my house to get ready for work my eyes would be heavy but I never fell asleep at the wheel. The past weekend I have done so multiple times. The first time I struggled the entire time and definitely micronapped a few times but it cultivated in me genuinely nodding off and slamming up a median luckily. The second time I drove about 40 minutes to a store was completely fine, not tired, upbeat even, but then on my way home started nodding off and veering into different lanes. Then this morning once again on my way home from my boyfriend's I was okay for about 10 minutes and then it hit me. I continuously veered into different lanes, my reaction time was shit in terms of breaking at lights, I almost hit another car. It was terrifying. And I haven't taken the gabapentin the last 2 days in case it was that. I had to call off of work because I was afraid of driving there. So I'm going to definitely have my bf chauffeur me until I get this figured out.
  
    A few other instances of nodding off, I was eating dinner and started to fall asleep in the plate, and I was dying my hair and falling asleep while waiting. I have also fallen asleep a few times smoking cigarettes and I have never done that in my life in fact I'm quite paranoid about that. My bf has mentioned I snore like a freight train for the first 20 minutes when I pass out because unbeknownst to me I roll on my back when I fall asleep but once I roll over on my side or stomach that stops. However he has also mentioned that there have been a few times where I will cough in my sleep, choke, shoot up in the bed for a few seconds than lay back down. This doesn't happen every night but it has happened. And while I know that could be sleep apnea but due to the weather change I have been stuffy/sinusy the last month or so to keep in mind. And the micronapping sounds more like what I have in my head of the idea of narcolepsy.
  
    At the end of the day I know I need a sleep study but in the meantime  I'm just looking for some thoughts or tips to help me out until I can get to a doctor. Thank you in advance.

Article: 34 Years Old
  


    Male
  


    USA
  


    I have a very strong pulse on the inside of my right ankle on the posterior tibial artery.
  
    I saw a vascular specialist and did the following tests.
  


    Ankle Branchial Index (ABI)
  


    Venous Ultrasound - Both Legs
  


    Arterial Ultrasound - Both Legs (Report 1 and Report 2)
  


    Everything was normal, but there was one “weird” finding on my Arterial Ultrasound. They could see the postural tibial artery “pulsing” on my right ankle and the velocity was 93 cm/s…they immediately compared it to the same spot on my left ankle and it was 51 cm/s.
  
    Now my doctor wants to do a CT Scan - Angio Aorta and Runoff to look for an “aneurysm” which is a bit confusing. I kept asking my doctor “why” this test was necessary and they said it was due to the Arterial Ultrasound.
  
    I provided the results above…does anyone know why my doctor is ordering another test and if it’s necessary?

Article: 25 year old, 50kg, female.
  
    I take brintellix for my anxiety disorder. One of the side effects when you first start it is nausea. When I first started taking them I did have an upset stomach for two days but after that I had no problems. I stopped taking them for a couple of weeks because I kept forgetting to take them. I started back on them a two or three weeks ago and the first day or two I had terrible nausea. Now just the thought of taking my meds makes my stomach turn. Any advice?

Article: I have a wall lamp and there must obviously he some electricity problem because when I touched the metal part of it yesterday I got a shock. I touched it three times. It was just a small shock that causes tingles, no burns.
  
    Now, hours later, I still have the tingling feeling. Is this serious? Is it just anxiety?

Article: I 35M have a question about my urine. Is this orange or dark yellow? What could be causing this other than dehydration.  I posted a pic in the comments.

Article: Female, 23, 63KG, Vaper, no current medication.
  
    Was playing with partner earlier ended up tripping over and he fell on top of me ( 95 KG man ) at the back of our sofa. He had his arms around my shoulders so I didn’t fall on my shoulders but the middle of my back took the hit.
  
    The sofa is made of wood and I fell on the arch at the back and the middle of my back took the hit, there was cracking noises which I didn’t find unusual as my back does crack easily anyway.
  
    And after an initial panic attack as I was scared I’d done serious damage everytning seems fine apart from some discomfort where I took the fall, and if I arch my back it does make some soreness/pain. But however I’m wondering is there anything I need to look out for? Would I of caused damage and if so how long would it take before I know.
  
    Sorry if it isn’t a good explanation.
  


    fell on back with a heavy male on top of me, middle of back took quite a hit and is now scared I’ve broke something in my back, seeking advice off the internet.

Article: Hello,
  
    I am a 27 year old female and have been having ongoing flank pain that comes and goes for at least the past year. The pain is dull, achy, and mild.
  
    I had my first ultrasound in November ‘22 which came back negative for any findings.
  
    In June this year I had an abdominal CT, notes state: “no acute intra-abdominal or intrapelvic findings, mild fullness of the right renal collecting system, normal appendix”.
  
    I had another ultrasound done in September again was normal.
  
    My doctor basically told me we’re just gonna wait to see if it gets worse before doing anything else so I wanted to see what other people think. Thanks in advance for any help or advice!!
  
    ETA: The CT also says there are “bilateral pelvic calcifications close to the expected location of the ureters, although there is no convincing evidence of ureteral calculi”

Article: Can smoking weed before a MRA affect the result?
  
    I'm gonna have a brain MRA tomorrow and planning on smoking weed before. Can it affect the results of the scan?
  
    M19, 1.83 been having some cognitive problems for a while now, I'm having this scan to see if theres any problem with my brain

Article: Hi all, I'm a 30F. My general practitioner asked for an ANA test as a dermatologist suggested it as I have had some very unusual skin issues for the last 3 years (with elements of eczema, chronic hives and rosacea) and the hives significantly worsened over the last month.
  
    I got an ANA value of 1:160. Because of this the lab conducted an anti ds-DNA test and an ENA panel, both were negative, which I understand suggests I'm unlikely to have lupus. All my other inflammation markers are also perfectly normal, the only other anomaly in my bloodwork is a very slightly elevated creatinine value, leading to an eGFR value the lab still deemed normal.
  
    I don't really have any systematic issues other than the skin problems. Sometimes my hamstring muscles feel really tight, kind of like a soreness, but I've been walking a lot less than I used to and not exercising properly since I went WFH during COVID and it quickly improves when I walk more. I've had on and off tension in some of my fingers, but this always happens when my shoulders are stiff or I've overworked my arms, so I have been pretty sure it's a mechanical issue. I am not sure any of this qualifies as the kind of muscle/joint issues seen in autoimmune diseases.
  
    I am trying to understand how worried I should be that I have an autoimmune disease, and what referrals or tests I should ask for next if my GP brushes the results off. I was shocked and distressed to receive the ANA result so any thoughts would be appreciated as I won't see my GP until Thursday.
  
    If it helps, several people in my mum's family have Hashimoto's and my mum has multiple sclerosis.

Article: 36 Male For the last year I have been getting wierd scalp stinging pains shooting pains in one spot 2 inches above my temple. It's almost every morning. Then happens randomly throughout the day. Less often during then mid morning hours. I also get wierd like parasthesia around my mouth and cheeks and sometimes it's left side sometimes it's right side. It feels like my facial hair is prickling me. Then it goes away and comes back randomly. I have upper spine problems like arthritis, facet joint issues, degenerative disc issues, pinched nerve in c4. Also have TMJ and jaw pains etc. I suffer severe anxiety and panic and this all started when I found out about cancer in a relative (December last year). I am terrified it's a brain tumor or cancer. My sleep pattern is awful. 8 pm to midnight then I am up. I work 2 am to 7 am 6 days a week for 2 years now which threw me off completely from my prior jobs 7-330 hours. I also drink alcohol everynight for 2 years from 330 pm to 7 pm. I take Xanax 2 times a day. I take 800 mg of Gabapentin a day. I'm divided doses. I also take 5 grams of Kratom throughout the day. Did I damage somerhing in my brain or my nerves. Could this be medication related. Lack of sleep. From my neck. A trigger from anxiety? Or something sinister. It sounds like cluster or ice pick headaches don't kr Thank you for your help

Article: 34f, take no medications, no birth control, only drink alcohol time to time, haven't drunk alcohol for a week, I don't take drugs anymore (probably 15 years ago last time).I just had a chamomile tincture about 30 minutes ago.I now feel stoned! It does not feel relaxing, and I don't feel like it's a placebo effect because I was just expecting the same as a cup of chamomile tea.I bought it a few years ago from iherb, and I stopped when I was pregnant and breastfeeding. I just had some now and it does not feel like when I had it the first time. Could be fermented or something?Not going to the doctors about it, just bed as I hate this feeling (always felt bad smoking weed many years ago).The ingredients are wood betony herb, fennel seed, chamomile flower, hop strobbles, and catnip.Is it possible to get high from one of these above?Anyways thanks for reading, and any advice!

Article: See image here

    Developed tiny ring shaped mark on my palm last night. Doesn’t itch, don’t feel anything. Did not grip anything to leave a mark, and did not burn myself. Just adopted a dog from the shelter 4 days ago, so I’m extra paranoid it’s ringworm. He’s been scratching himself a good bit, but his coat is so thick I haven’t been able to locate any ringworm rashes where he’s scratching, just an ear infection (vet appointment scheduled). I immediately put anti-fungal cream on it and covered with a bandaid, but if it is ringworm from my dog, I guess it’ll be everywhere by now. TIA!
  
    29F, non smoker, most recent BP is 100/68, mild von willebrand’s disease & asthma, recent long COVID, otherwise healthy. Mirena IUD, symbicort, daily vitamin & Allegra.

Article: Age-20 Sex- Afab Height- 5'10" Weight- 130 ish Race- White Duration of complaint- 2 days Location- TN Any existing relevant medical issues- Unknown Current medications- None
  
    The problem: I've been itching my knees, feet, fingers, palms, elbows a LOT the past 2 days, I brushed it off as anxiety itches and went to work today. Well at work those itches switched to pain, my palms/fingers hurt when my close them, my knees hurt when moved, I can not stand on my feet or move them either without pain. It all hurts to the touch as well. This is all completely new to me and I'm hoping I can just go to sleep and wake up feeling better tomorrow but I want to know whats wrong with me? and if it does get worse, should I go to urgent care or the hospital? I don't even think I can walk to my bed and I'm still also VERY ITCHY. I can not move my thumb without it also moving my index and it all hurts 😭

Article: 28F //
  
    I recently went for an annual checkup that included a routine CBC and while other details came back normal, my platelet count was above normal at 486. My clinic’s normal range was 150-400. Should I be alarmed?
  
    I take blood pressure medication - telmisartan 40g  (genetically have high BP). I also don’t really have any other symptom aside from the usual stiffness due to a lot of work stress. Nothing is feeling off as well.
  
    I’m just wondering if I should be concerned about the above normal platelet count and if there’s anything I can do to have it return to normal range.
  
    Would appreciate any advice.

Article: Hello all,
  
    30, male, 190 lbs.
  
    I've been experiencing some recurrent vertigo attacks that last 1-2 minutes. First one was during a panic attack, blood went all to my feet and room started spinning, second one was when I got really anxious after a night were I woke up during a migraine. The last one was the worst, I was in a decent mood, after sleeping well after a long period of not being able to sleep more than 4 hours and I first got lightheaded and then after lying down and getting back up in 30 seconds, the entire room started spinning.
  
    This has put my anxiety through the roof since I'm always thinking I have Meniere (I've experienced other somatizations in the past but nothing this serious).
  
    Sometimes I get lightheadidness and it doesn't turn to full rotational vertigo If I don't move my head too much.
  
    What I've done so far?
  
    Brain MRI -> clean
  
    ENT-> no BPPV discovered, good audiogram, good rotatory chair, good VNT, good VHIT.
  
    My folic acid is very low and my vitamin d was a bit low. My good cholesterol is significantly low
  
    I was going through a rather stressful period at the moment. I've been having these like one every few weeks for 3 months.
  
    I don't get ear pressure, hearing change, changes in my tinnitus ( I have constant high freq tinnitus since 4 years ago).
  
    What would you do in my case? I am terrified that I don't know what I have and things would get progressively worse and worse. I am looking 24/7 into what it could be.
  
    Can it just be a somatization reaching even room spinning vertigo?
  
    Thank you all for your answers.

Article: I am a 35 year old female. 160 pounds, 5’4. No diagnosed medical conditions, however I have been having arthritis like symptoms for a few years now (starting in 2020) mainly in my shoulders and discomfort in my upper spine.
  
    I had a physical back in august with the hopes I would be referred to a rheumatologist, but instead I was sent for labs for the 3rd time in 2 years. My labs were all within normal ranges, but the day after my appointment the arm I had blood drawn from became very sore, similar to what it felt like after getting the Covid shot. It remained sore for a week and then came the numbness. Whenever I would be in a sitting position my arm would go numb, but it was fine if I was standing up. This lasted until a couple weeks ago and the pain was starting to get worse around my left shoulder blade and shoulder. After 3 days of not being able to get any sleep I headed to the after hours clinic. I was told I was having a muscle spasm so I was prescribed muscle relaxers and steroids to help with the inflammation. I also had an x-ray of my upper back and was referred to a sports medicine doctor a few days later.
  
    The medicine greatly helped the pain but the numbness and soreness in my arm was still present but better by the time I saw the sports medicine doctor. He went over my x-rays (nothing abnormal) and said I have a pinched nerve in my neck and recommended I get a new pillow, start a new anti inflammatory instead of Motrin. Said if my symptoms are still the same I need to come back for an MRI but my husband isn’t pleased with the cost of what that will add up to.
  
    It seems like the inflammation in my left shoulder is back, it’s constantly cracking and sore with movement. The whole area is sore and still numb and I’m starting to worry something is being missed. I will push for an MRI of my shoulder and arm if necessary but I’m posting in here hoping someone might have additional suggestions. Will my arm go back to normal? Would it be worth my time to request an ultrasound of my arm to see if there’s something specific going on there in addition to the pinched nerve? I don’t want to keep running to the after hours clinic because I’m worried they will think I’m just seeking pain medication, what I’m really wanting is a diagnosis and to figure out why I’m having so much inflammation- get to the root cause so hopefully it can be remedied. I’m worried whatever is going on will cause permanent damage. I have 2 children that I need to be healthy, active and able bodied for.
  
    Please advise. Thank you in advance!

Article: Hello just a little background. I am a 24 year old Male, 5’9 and currently in Europe on vacation. Snce last week before my vacation,  I started having some pain around my right lower quadrant. Slowly that shifted to the left side and kept feeling it build but didn’t think much of it. I then noticed the smell of my urine was off and it was darker than usual. It also felt extremely hot when I peed. Yesterday I started feeling groin pain on the left and right sides close to my hips as well as pain right underneath my belly button as well as lower back. I received an online subscription for antibiotics and already took one pill this morning. Could this be a UTI or something different? Just a little anxious about all this because I’ve never felt anything like this before.

Article: Hi there. 33 year old, Female, 85kg, 5'8". Occasional smoker and drinker, no underlying health concerns. No medications. Have had on and off chest and sinus  infections for the last 5-6 weeks. Persistent stuffy head. Have been taking vit c, d, multivitamin. Eating well and resting. Went to my doctor about 2 weeks ago, she diagnosed it as a viral infection that I just couldn't shift, she prescribed me a course of steroids, antihistamine and nasal drops. They helped me a lot and felt great for about a week, but im back congested again, yellowy mucus again and this morning ive have bluey/black threads in my snot when blowing my nose!! Thought it was a once off but its been all day. I dont think its dust/candle soot/make up or anything else i can think of. Any ideas about the blue snots? And any advice on what I should do? Thanks in advance!

Article: 26F. 5ft2in. 172lbs. Long story short. I'm looking to start a biologic medication so my dermatologist ran a whole bunch of blood tests.
  
    The following tests came back abnormal: •Eosin % - 8.4% •CO2- 21 mMol/L •Creat- 0.5 mg/dL I have been feeling unusally fatigued during the day, but can't sleep at night. My asthma has been a lot worse recently as well(needing my inhaler 2-3x a day). For about 2 weeks my hands and feet have been swelling daily but I've had no changes in my diet and I exercise daily with walks and chasing a toddler. If anybody could let me know what these mean and if these signal something I should follow up about with my pcp

Article: Hello,
  
    For more than a year I ve (27M) been experiencing unexplained respiratory symptoms (expiratory and sometimes inspiratory wheezing audible without stethoscope, dry cough, discomfort while taking a deep breath, constant tickle in the back of the throat). Tried multiple asthma medications, got 2x chest xrays, spirometry, ent laryngoscope check and all results came back fine. However I still experience the symptoms and as a person with health anxiety, I am freaking out more and more about having a lung cancer that was missed on x ray, especially that I have some history of cigarette smoking. My pulmonologists had been brushing it off with post-infection scarring explanation, however my nerves couldnt let me leave it like that. After pushing him for CT for 4 months he finally prescribed me HRCT of chest.
  
    I will get my scan in a few days, however I am concerned about its efficacy in finding suspicious lung nodules - as far as I know HRCT type of scan scans only minor part of lungs in spaced "slices" and I worry that it can miss my hypothetical disease. I ve found opinions that HRCT is used primarily to diagnose diffused lung diseases, not localised ones. Am I right? Or rather should I not worry and HRCT will tell me whether I have lung cancer or not?
  
    I have found post that gives me some hope, but I am not a professional and I do not understand it fully: https://www.reddit.com/r/Radiology/s/B8dZAmBcxY

    Ps. I know that I am a very annoying type of patient because of my health anxiety, I try to do my best, but with some issues I just cant stop overthinkig. Sorry for all docs that have had this dubious pleasure of dealing with my mostly non-existent health issues.
  
    TLDR:
  
    Is HRCT of chest efficacious in finding lung nodules or its only legitimate use is to diagnose diffused lung disease?

Article: Greetings!
  
    For three days, whenever I started walking, I had pain on the left side of my knee which kind of extends to the upper leg and the foot. I still decided to go on a technically difficult trek yesterday. And while the pain was there for the first 3 minutes after starting to move (whenever I stopped), it worked out kind of fine, my leg didnt just fold or something. Worked for about 20 km.
  
    Today I woke up with even more pain, and there's bruising on the left outer knee. It's kinda bad but not too bad. No swelling though. Walking hurts a lot, sitting down doesnt.
  
    So its probably a partial tear, maybe a total rupture? Cant really tell. I decided to move as little as possible and take some chill days. I still want to stroll around the city for 2-3km a day because there's an important friend I'd want to visit from time to time.
  
    How hard will I suffer, if I keep walking around low key?

Article: As I recently (3+ months ago) got clean off heroin, I can’t help but notice that I still yawn all the time, which really bothers me. I can’t find anything online about any deficiencies linked to excessive yawning, without it having something to do with tiredness/fatigue/not enough sleep. This is NOT the case, I’m sure. It lasts all throughout the day, and it typically comes up when my brain isn’t stimulated (f.x. on my way home in the train, or when I’m sitting still and have to take in learning in a classroom), but generally anytime.
  
    So, if anyone could help me shine some light on;
  


    Why I keep yawning, so long after the initial withdrawal phase
  


    What I can do, or take of supplements, to reduce this annoying “side-effect”
  


    Additional information: I am a 21 years old male, live in Denmark, was addicted to opiates for about 3 years. No real medical complications, other than that I am currently undergoing ADHD “investigation” (which I am 95% positive, I suffer from). Also worth mentioning that I use nicotine products, but not excessively. I also take 75 mg quetiapine and 5 mg melatonin for sleep.

Article: I have a sore throat. I’m not taking any medications at all. On Saturday I went thinking it was strep. No fever, no congestion or anything. My other symptoms are severe headache, fatigue, nausea, and ear pressure. Tested negative for strep, COVID, and flu. They basically said it was a cold.
  
    Today I woke up and I have literally the worst sore throat I have ever had in my whole life. It got a little better yesterday, but now my throat feels like it’s going to burst if I swallow. Would it be worth it to go again?

Article: Me (17M) and my girlfriend (16F) lost our virginities without any birth control, i know that it was very stupid, but i cant change what happened. Now her period is 2 days late though she has all of her pre-period symptoms. I am 100% confident that i didnt finish in her and according to multiple cycle calculators, she wasnt supposed to be ovulating when we had sex. She tells me that her belly is a little bloated and she has been very tired the past few days (tho this is common around her period). Is there a good possibility that she is somehow pregnant or is her period late because of stress from fearing being pregnant and other stuff?

Article: My son has paranoid schizophrenia.
  
    He has had a bad last couple of days. He sent his doctor some messages that I worry could cause him problems with his psychiatrist.
  
    In the messages he wonders if she is doing something to him to cause various symptoms of paranoia and the stomach aches that come with his antipsychotic. And he asked if it's illegal for her to do something like that. He said he is being tortured by her and the medicine.
  
    His messages are not threatening. It's all questions. I'd say the tone of the message is very sad rather than angry. He does have a behavioral alert for punching an emergency room doctor while he was in psychosis.
  
    Male. 20-years old. 5'9 155lbs  300mg Quetiapine no alcohol, no others drugs or tobacco

Article: (26M) (6’1) (220 lbs)
  
    I’ve recently been having a lot of soreness in my left rib cage. It’s not really painful but just general soreness. I thought it may be connected to my IBS/GERD but I’m now freaking out that it is heart disease. How would I know if it’s my heart or like muscoskeletal? For example, I’m a student and I sit hunched over studying many hours a day which seems to put pressure on my rib area.

Article: Hello, 28M here, I have suffered of depression since very little (at 14 I already had suicide thoughts) and I'm sure I have other mental problems but being poor I can't pay for tests at a psychiatrist (I am nearly always imitating other people when walking/dancing/laughing/etc... and I am very talkative or nearly mute depending on the occasion, also I start projects and never finish them and I get nervous without music or a podcast in the background). The question is that I used to be more motivated by food, but since a month or more I don't feel any want to eat, I just eat when my stomach starts hurting. What can I do? PD: Sorry for my bad english.

Article: It is 1690, normal range is something like 120-700. I have looked up the causes and i found cancer, liver problems etc. ... I do eat chicken liver and beef so I am hoping its this? But shouldn't my body wee it all out?
  
    I am 21 years old female
  
    172cm, 56kg
  
    White
  
    I don't smoke or drink

Article: 8F, 4’9”-ish, ~85lbs. Southern state USA History of asthma and allergies to wheat (grade 3), hickory pecan + oak + cypress trees, and Johnson grass. Meds: Flonase, Allegra
  
    My daughter has an extensive history of environmental allergies. We’ve gotten symptoms mostly managed after she’s had her tonsils removed (because inflammation causing obstruction) and we identified her allergens. She basically has no allergy type reactions anymore.
  
    We visited a family member out of state this past weekend and she had the worst reaction I’ve seen from her in a long time. I had to give her Benadryl after her eyes started swelling. I’m confident she was not exposed to wheat, oak, cypress, or Johnson grass. We’ve visited this place many times no issue but I worry if this happens again Benadryl won’t be sufficient.
  
    We realized later that the wood pellets used to grill dinner were made of hickory. She went to the store with my family member to purchase them and handled the bag. This correlates with symptom onset.
  
    I assumed these types of allergies were related to pollen. Is it possible simply handling the pellets could cause this reaction? We have a smoker at home and this hasn’t happened but she never handled the bag/pellets until this instance.
  
    Yes i’ve reached out to her doctor but figured i’d ask here. Please be nice if this is a dumb question. It was literally never explained to us that it could be the wood itself, only pollen was mentioned so this never crossed my mind.

Article: I (29yo Male) was playing street hockey this morning and after somebody took a shot the ball got deflected and hit me directly in the eye, I don’t even think it hit my skull at all and the eyeball took all of the impact.
  
    There is minor redness however the pupil is now staying constricted and does not appear to be reacting to varying amounts of light shined into it.
  
    I do not take any medication. Is this something I just have to let rest, or am I taking a substantial risk by not seeing a doctor?

Article: Hi I’m a 32M, history of asthma, who had what I believe was an URI (pretty severe flu-like symptoms, tested negative for COVID twice) a few weeks ago. My more severe symptoms resolved after 4-5 days but my very productive cough lingered for about 2 weeks. I saw my PCP because I was producing green mucus which turned brown. He prescribed a 5 day course of azithromycin (2x the first day, once a day after). I took it the first two but have missed the last two. Should I continue taking it as planned and is it likely that I will develop any resistance in the future? Thanks!

Article: My partner, 50M, has a very long term issue with pains in his leg, and after ruling out orthopedic and vascular issues he's been referred to neurology. He saw a neurologist who said the situation is unlikely to be improved but that they'd request a bunch of tests to rule out sinister stuff.
  
    I'm not sure how useful it is to give a long history because I'm not looking for ideas on what his issue actually is, but if you need more info let me know. What we actually are wondering is why he's been sent an appointment for MRI of the brain and spine but not including the leg? We feel like it makes no sense not to include the leg if doing this?
  
    I figure there is probably a good reason but it takes weeks to get clarification from the doctor here, so in the meantime we just wondered if anyone could shed any light on that, or I guess if someone could just confirm that it's a logical thing to do for investigating a leg pain...?

Article: Terry’s Nails?
  
    Hello. 45 y/o male, 5’9” 192lbs, active/otherwise seemingly healthy, just over the 15 episodes per hour mild/moderate line for sleep apnea, very occasional recreational drinker (0-4 drinks per month for only 4 years) clear blood work as of 5-6 months ago, in addition to ultrasound (checking for possible abdominal hernia) where they noted that I had a “slightly fatty liver”). I also tend to be very gaseous/flatulent which they also noted.
  
    I also was tested a couple months ago for allergies and nearly all of my markers for local pollen and foods were off the charts. I have also had COVID 3x pretty badly and still have “long symptoms” (no shots). Have concern about my recent changes since August/September) in nail appearance- any thoughts?
  
https://ibb.co/zPtYRL4

Article: I am a 33 y.o female and I've had this leg pain for about 2-3 weeks through my hamstring.  It starts in my knee and goes through the back of my leg.  When I am sitting or laying down it does not really bother me, but when I get up to start walking it is a fairly sharp pain. After I move around for a while it seems to get better.  I'm suspecting a strain, but it hasn't seemed to get much better after rest and ice.  Thank you for any advise!

Article: Hello,
  
    66yo male recently diagnosed with MCI, with small shrinkage of the hippocampus, with history of of smoking 20 years ago, no diabetes,has umbilical hernia and ciclotimic bipolar disorder (takes dorene tabs, lamitor, aririprizol, lithium and, for MCI, takes cognitus and cogmax).
  
    He did the abeta42/40 plasma exam and it turned out to be 0.171 witch is good, BUT the abeta42 level is under 40, and the abeta40 around 220. In the exam result, it didnt show any specific numbers for what the abeta42 and 40 should be, but online I saw that it is suppose to be around 500 and 4000, respectively, for his age, is that true?
  
    Could these numbers in his exame have been caused by his bipolar disorder? I saw that these abeta 40 and abeta 42 levels could be caused by hypotireoidism.. is that true?
  
    Thank you

Article: I have 5 questions relating to hair loss and regrowth, medication storage, and lupus nephritis and kidney disease. The questions will follow a brief summary of my disease progression, I can also provide monthly and in some cases fortnightly blood and urine work results and photos if requested - privately of course.
  
    Nov 2022: swelling, stiffness and pain in fingers, wrist, knees, ankles and shoulders. Transient, lasting 4-5 days at a time and then absent for 3-5 days, then returning.
  
    Dec '22 - Feb '23: symmetrical eyelash loss in a single patch on each eye. Scalp hair loss likely had began as I suspected hair loss was becoming excessive, however it became more blatant in later months with chunks falling out. In Jan i was also overprescribed vitamin D (told to take 25,000 iu daily) and experienced symptoms of toxicity (nausea, vomiting, loss of apetite) From Jan - March I only left the house a total of 10 times due to symptom severity and fatigue.
  
    March '23: joint pain subsides but swelling continues particularly in ankles. Extreme thirst kicks in April: wake up one day to extreme eye swelling and impaired vision. Next morning I awake to worsening of eyes and a hugely bloated stomach, vomiting, nausea, diarrhoea, burping and hiccuping, apetite sustained but can't keep anything down, drinking lots and can't sleep at night. A week of this continues until I return to A&E and they diagnose me with SLE.
  
    The following symptoms upon admission is from memory but I can add more detail or certainty if necessary - this is just to describe the condition I reached in case this points towards future trends or risk. Upon admission I had significant proteinuria, low albumin, had gained close to 10kg in water (normal weight 50-52kg, in hospital I was 60kg, upon discharge I was 46kg - sedentary for months with low apetite and vomiting so some, fat, muscle and bone loss), water in the heart and lungs, ascites, diffuse and localised scalp hair loss and scalp lesions, i couldnt walk properly anymore and was breathless constantly. no lupus rash ever occurred. The kidney biopsy revealed type 4 lupus nephritis, "22 glomeruli with mesangial expansion and increased cellularity, sclerosis, no crescents, no necrotising lesions, but good background and immunostaining awaited". I spent 3 weeks in hospital.
  
    I am half english, half black african descent, 22yr old female, 5ft 3 and 50-52kg with blood pressure towards the lower end consistently, healthy and moderately active lifestyle with no other conditions or familial predispositions known of. I currently take 200mg hydroxychloroquine once daily, 1500mg mycophenolate mofetil twice daily, 5mg prednisolone once daily (was on a taper from 60mg and doctors considering lowering further but at what timescale I do not know). Protein in my urine has improved greatly and blood work looks ideal, only a few times a month will i experience joint issues. I also have a UK Association for Nutrition bachelor degree in nutrition so I feel well equipped to at least manage my diet adequately.
  
    My first question
  
    My hair loss was both diffuse and in specific patches. I shaved my head unpon discharge as the loss was too great. The doctors have only inspected the hair loss once and will inspect again likely in Jan or March (they took photos and will compare). To me it doesnt look like the description of scarring alopecia and certain patches have regrown completely and at a normal growth rate. I believe hair loss is normal now but there are certain patches which are remaining distinctly thinner, but not completely bald. Considering my medication and cause of hair loss are there any things I can do to improve recovery? Whether minoxidil can treat this kind of hair loss is not important to me, rather is it safe to try it with my kindey health and current drug routine? I also use head and shoulders but have just started nizoral to really treat my dandruff.
  
    My second question
  
    My hair was a type 4C afro hair texture, dense scalp coverage and thick, coarse and tightly coiled strands. Now it is variable, between type 2-3 in areas and strands are much thinner and softer. I know this change could be attributed to the drugs I take or lupus itself and more likely a combination of them all. Is mycophenolate or hydroxyquine more potent in terms of hair changes and what is the theoried or recognised mechanism of these drugs or SLE in changes to the hair follicle and strand?
  
    My third question
  
    Are the drugs I take sensitive to light and atmospheric changes as I would like to use a weekly pill box but currently always cut the blister packets up which is timeconsuming. Would they be fine to be opened from the blister pack up to a week before ingesting and kept in the pill box, in contact with each other?
  
    My fourth question
  
    What is the probability surrounding my kidney health? Hard to say for sure I know, Im not looking for certainty, more what scenarios are possible? Can anyone explain the kidney biopsy statement and what lupus nephritis stage 4 is in laymans terms? Is lupus nephritis a transient condition or ever-present once developed and more in a state of control once treated?
  
    My final question
  
    Lupus remission means what? From my understanding autoimmune conditions would require lifelong medication. However wording online suggests a small proportion could cease drug treatment altogether and one of my doctors has talked about the possibility of lowering the immunosuppression to very low levels - how likely would i be a candidate for that? My symptoms seemed very extreme and given the kidney involvement and black african descent I would imagine it would be more likely I wouldnt reach low immunosuppression. I would rather continue drug treatment I just would like some clarity.

Article: Stats:
  


    Age: 32
  


    Height: 180cm
  


    Weight: 75kg
  


    Gender: Male
  


    Smoking: Never
  


    Drinking: Once a week on average
  


    Previous and current medical issues: Had "vasovagal syncopes" in the past, hence the post trying to get more information.
  


    Meds: 7.5 mg escitalopram daily
  


    Location: Brazil
  


    AT MINIMUM your age, approximate height & weight, gender, medications you take, smoking status, previous and current medical issues, duration and location of complaint, and a photo (if it's a skin issue)
  

    Hey docs. I recently got diagnosed with ADHD by my psychiatrist who's been with me over a year. I've been on escitalopram for over 10 years for mild depression and anxiety treatment, and he told me to start treating ADHD with Ritalin or Vyvanse.
  
    Ritalin is fairly cheap here, and Vyvanse is not about 10 times more expensive, it's also hard to come by.
  
    He wrote me a script for 10mg Ritalin.
  


    1st day: I took 5mg for the first time at night (I work from home and for companies abroad, so my timezone fluctuates a lot). I've never felt so calm and concentrated in my life, and, generally good.
  


    2nd day: I took another 5mg and noticed I was *getting* cold. Got a thermometer and my body temperature was in the 35.5ºC. Brushed it off as nothing because it wasn't that low.
  


    3rd day: I took another 5mg and noticed the same effect. Again confirmed by thermometer.
  


    4th day: Decided to up the dose *slightly* and took 7.5mg (3/4 of a tablet). I started getting cold, vision blurred a little bit, confirmed with thermometer in the 35.4ºC's, and felt lightheaded. Lied down so blood could circulate better, and started feeling better immediately. Had to stay lying down for a couple hours as the medication started to wear off, and only then I felt like it would be safe to get up.
  


    I do know Ritalin generally increases heart rate and blood pressure, but in my case it's lowering blood pressure, likely because of chemical vasovagal stimuli.
  
    I want to know if anyone had a similar problem, and would like to chat about it in hopes of getting more information.

Article: Age 27 gender male height 5.9 weight 70kg
  
    Hey everyone,
  
    I'm a 27-year-old guy and my private area has been itching like crazy for the past few years. . I'm not sexually active, so I don't think it's an STD, but I'm starting to get worried.
  
    Any ideas what could be causing it? Or how to make it stop?
  
    Thanks!

Article: Hey doctors of reddit. ER nurse here. This question is pretty straightforward yet I can't find anything in the literature and the providers I work work with seem stumped as well.
  
    I have a tongue crib that was placed when I began my Invisalign treatment last July. I didn't even think to ask my Orthodontist about possible complications in the event of emergent RSI.
  
    I see him again in January for a repeat panoramic scan to assess my progress and I'll definitely ask him then. But I'm not even sure he'd know if it isnt his specialty?
  
    I don't anticipate being tubed outside of trauma, but being an ER nurse, it's obviously something I consider as possible.
  
    Can anyone weigh in on this?

Article: Age - 15 Sex - Afab Height - 150 cm Weight - 36 kg Race - asian Duration of complaint - 3 months Location - west Asia
  
    The highest I measured (with a BP machine, at a hospital, by a professional) was 90/50 and it often goes even lower (l am under 18, I can't get medical help on my own)
  
    My parents don't see this as an issue but everyday l've been feeling worse and worse. Sometimes I feel so weak I can't do the most basic of tasks, there are moments where I can't even stand up
  
    Other symtoms :
  


    fatigue
  


    dizziness
  


    nausea
  


    difficulties breathing

Article: I'm a 29 year old male in Europe. I'm 6'2 and 225 pounds. I do have diabetes type 1 as well, well managed with 'green zone' hba1c.
  
    I've had swollen tonsils for 3 months now. I'm constantly aware of them when swallowing or just feeling them when resting sometimes. I feel like it started about 1 week after I had a cold, but I cant be sure about this.
  
    Went to a doctor for a check up of my tendency to get lots of colds, and asked him to check tonsils at that time. That was about 1 month in when they had almost reached the size they have now. He said they are indeed enlarged but not as large as to indicate something serious. He checked and told me it was not bacterial either, and probably unrelated to my cold tendency.
  
    So what can this be and how do I fix it? I'm super tired of it at this point. I don't have pain when swallowing or any other symptoms of being ill. I cant find any tonsil stones. I had blood work done and have no signs of ongoing infections.

Article: Age 19
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 182cm
  
    Weight 64kg
  
    Long story short I accidentally took 2500mg of paracetamol. I know that shouldn’t be an amount to be concerned about especially being a one time thing, but Ive read before that acetylcysteine is given to patients with paracetamol toxicity so im wondering if taking a certain amount of these tablets would prevent any liver issues, just in case. Or if its not recommended for some reason unknown to me

Article: Hi, I’m not sure if this is something that will go away with time or something I should be worried about so I thought I’d ask. I’m 22f, 63kg and 5ft 6in, not on any other meds, non smoker
  
    On 25 October I got my Implanon implant changed. I had the standard pain for 2-3 days and some bruising that’s barely noticeable now. About a week ago some new pain appeared. It’s between the implant site amd my elbow joint (so not in the area that the implant is at all) and a sharp pain whenever I touch the area or when I straighten my arm. My arm is also kind of swollen and warm to touch in the area, and the muscle is much tougher to touch than the same area on my other arm.
  
    It’s been like this for about a week, with the pain remaining pretty constant, no improvement or worsening of the pain. I would kind of like to not go back to my doctor about it for personal reasons so I’ve been hoping it just goes away.
  
    Thanks for your help!

Article: I’ve gone to doctors before who have told me it’s not worth the risk of having tonsils removed at my age but these tonsil stones drive me nuts and they smell so awful

Article: Hello all,
  
    Past heavy drinker here, now quit for the last 5+ months, had cut down massively for many months before this as well (drinking once a month).
  
    I’ve noticed these little veins on my nose, are they of any concern?
  
    I’ve googled (like an idiot) spider angioma and it’s scaring me the implications of that that would mean.
  
    There’s isn’t a central red ‘spot’ like a lot of the images/descriptions mention but there’s a fair few images that don’t have one either.
  
    Should I be concerned? Is there a way to get rid of them?
  
    Image below:
  
https://ibb.co/9q7VZRC

    I did have bloods done 2 months ago for liver, kidney, total blood count and everything was fine.
  
    Thanks in advice.

Article: 25F had my yearly bloods taken. TSH levels came back 0.3mIU/L. We retested to confirm if they were accurate (first bloods taken a month ago) but with also  T4 and T3. Again TSH 0.3mIU/L but T4 and T3 normal. Also tested for Graves’ disease which was negative. What’s happening?

Article: I (16M) was sleeping and then i woke up in 2:00 AM. And then i felt HUGE pain in my calf. It was so bad I almost screamed. And now in the morning, it's still hurts me. I did nothing, that pain just started from nowhere

Article: I’m 31F, 190lb, 5ft 9. Non smoker, I drink a couple times a week but rarely to excess. Don’t eat a particularly fatty diet, and make sure to eat plenty of fruit/veg/grains/legumes.
  
    I’ve had a pain in my upper abdomen, slightly right of centre for a few days now. It hurts to touch, almost like the pain of poking a bruise. Tends to feel worse when I bend forward or if right waistbands press on it. No pain anywhere else.
  
    I’ve also been having some softer than normal bowel movements, belching, heartburn and a bit of post nasal drip. My stomach is also noisier than normal too.
  
    I am planning to go and see a doctor but wanted to see if anyone had some suggestions.
  
    I’ve googled symptoms and have seen various suggestions of gastritis, GERD, Indigestion, all the way up to some very scary diagnoses.
  
    I will add, in February of this year I had an upper abdominal CT & Ultrasound for a suspected appendicitis, but it was all clear aside from a small liver Hemangioma (cluster of blood vessels) which was scanned by MRI and deemed to be fine and not needing any further action.
  
    Any suggestions would be great.

Article: I’m 16F, i had sex today and after my boyfriend had cummed in me we realized that the condom broke. i took plan B around 5 hours after the incident because it was hard to find a clinic that gave it. my period just ended yesterday and the FLO app said my ovulation is coming in 11 days, please help!! i know i shouldn’t have sex at such a young age but i’ve not seen my bf in a long time and we got carried away

Article: For context, I had a thyroidectomy sometime back in 2016, and I was put on levothyroxine to fulfill the duties of my thyroid. When the doctors were comfortable with the right dosage, I was roughly 240 pounds. Through diet and exercise, I’ve gotten my way down to 180 pounds, and im aware the dosage would be off now. I have neglected getting blood work done since the weight loss for about 2 years. I know I should have done it sooner, but I didnt realize the implications of the weight loss and the dosage until recently. The results are as follows:
  
    TSH uIU/mL : 0.092 (Below Low Normal) T4,free(direct) NG/dL : 1.96 (Above High Normal)
  
    I believe that these results are indicative of hyperthyroidism, but im not sure to what severity. Is it a mild version, or a severe version? Any help would be greatly appreciated

Article: Hi, Can incorrect gait or sitting on the foot for prolonged time weaken the dorsiflexor and the hip flexor on that side?
  
    Some background: 31F, previously active and healthy. Had an infection that messed up with my left side for a while. A lot of sitting at home during, about 3 months. I noticed I sit on my left foot and lean on my left side a lot.
  
    PT found weakness in hip flexors 3 months ago, only left side. Have been working out 3 times a weak to strengthen my musclrs for the last 3 months.
  
    Ortho says I have 4/5 weakneds in dorsiflexor and hip flexor. Can the above cause that?

Article: I’ve had issues with odor and thick clumpy discharge for as long as I can remember, I have absolutely no other symptoms such as burning or itching except when I first remember getting this as a child. I’ve never had health insurance and I haven’t been able to get any, so I cannot even get properly checked or medicated. Throughout the years I’ve made changes such as stopped wearing underwear and changing my diet and using unscented dove soap, which did help but yet still I have this problem. I’ve tried monistat which only cleared for a couple days, even an online rx to get a pill and it did nothing. I’ve tried to try to live with this but I’m tired of being embarrassed about smelling when I’m out, and especially embarrassed that my boyfriend will notice, I refuse to do anything unless I showered right before and try my best to clean inside with water only.
  
    Please, does anyone have any solutions I could try?? And what I could possibly have? I’m 20 years old and I remember having this at least for 9 years now.

Article: 24m I’m really occasional drinker, I went for vacation I had alcohol for three days continuously , on third day I tried brandy for first time I ended up being fully drunk and passed out. On that night I puked heavily, the next day morning I couldn’t eat anything then I puked again full of water. Almost nearing night I got pin point lower abdomen pain like stabbing and bleeding internally like a feel. Following the next day the pain level in particular area increased and it made me heavily dizzy. After 2 days I had armpit straight line Rash which got faded away in three days . My stool started to have black speck greenish yellow tint then it turn brown and dark brown it was changing constantly but for almost 1.5 month I had heavy dizziness. I got very anxious as well also I had pins and needles feeling… and heavy burning sensation in my side of rib area to armpit which appeared two times and gradually gone . Also in that whole trip I didn’t had any good diet following
  
    Now the dizziness gone but when I press on lower left abdomen area pain( pointed pain not all over)  still there following that there are pointed pain in front and side of ribs, upper chest tightness, heartburn, bloated also below chest centre point hurts when pressed. Stool Color changes consistently and sometime black speck … semi solid stool consistency …
  
    The lower left pointed abdominal pain area slightly feels like jelly to be if pressed and touched hard
  
    Took all complete blood work all came normal but liver enzymes for slight high by 10 to 15 (sgpt alt). 20days ago result
  
    Please let me know if you know what it could be. What might have affected

Article: 21, female. meds that i take daily: metformin for my pcos, antihistamine for the itching and sertraline for my anxiety my local doctors office is without apointments, you scan your "medical card" as it is called here, and gets called upon whiever is free at that time. moslty its a nurse, but sometimes youre lucky and its doctor who'll take care of you.
  
    i have been having the most horrendous full body itch for the past five weeks, it started from one day to another with no warning and has gotten worse ever since. i have no apparent rash anywhere, but after week 2 i did start to get some small bumps on my hands that seem to come and go, they sometimes itch REALLY bad and other times its like they arent there.
  
    after the first week of itching i realized it wasnt going to go away on its own, and i went to the doctor so he could have a look at it. i was lucky to get straight to the doctor this time. he was very taken aback since i didnt seem to have a rash or anything, but did have a significant amount of bruising on my left leg where the itching was the worse at the time. he called in another doctor as a second pair of eyes, and they were suspecting that the metmorfine i take could be the root of the issue. he says that i should stop taking those meds for 2 weeks and then come back for control, to see if it had helped. he then also prescribed me some antihistamines to ease off the itching meanwhile.
  
    in week 3 i was unlucky, and when i went to the doctors office, i was taken care of by a nurse, who completely disregarded my itching and didnt seem to want to help me figure out why it was itching and how to stop it, instead she told me to buy some anti scratching cream from the local beauty store, as in her words "some people just itch a bit more than others" i will be honest, i still haven't tried this cream. to me i couldnt make sense of it at all with the insane amount of itching that i had been doing, also since it started out of nowhere. so i waited until i had a day off to go back to the doctors office and then specifically ask for the doctor that i had talked to the first time. i was though approved by the kurse to start taking my metformine again since they clearly werent the culprit.
  
    so week 4 of itching rolls around and i go back to the doctors office and tell him that it not only didnt work, but the itching has also gotten worse. instead of it only itching on my leg, it became both my legs, then my stomach, then my whole back and shoulders. he was scratching his head trying to figure out what the issue could be, i moisturized after every shower, i didnt have any signs of allergies, scabies, eczema or anything in particular that you can 'see'. the bruising at that point though had gone down since the antihistamines had helped me to not scratch myself violently, though it was still itching. he then asked me all sort of questions, but at that point i had changed my sheets, checked the bed for bugs, checked my dog for fleas, checked in with my parents to make sure none of the laundry detergent or anything had changed, my shampoo/conditioner/bodywash are the same that I've used for 3 months, i have washed my clothes, i hadnt eaten anything new, its about the same amount of itching throughout the day, usually being worse right when i wake up and then flares uo again by 6pm and no one else in my family/friend group is itching. just me. so he takes another look at me and decides that its time for me to go get checked by a dermatologist, but before that he wanted to be better safe than sorry and take some bloodwork, and i could hear him halfwhispering to the nurse beside him that he was worried it could be leukemia. so he tells me to come back the day after to get that done. that was this friday, november 10th.
  
    on my bloodwork it shows that i have raised thyrotropin, decreased glucose and decreased hemoglobin. im sorry if this doesnt make sense, i have just quickly translated these from my results.
  
    i have now written to the doctors to hear when i could get a reference to a dermatologist (i have to get a reference to see a specialized doctor in my country, idk if this is different in other countries), but just in these past few days since i got my blood checked, the itching has gotten unbearable. it would be easier to say which parts of my body isnt itching, which are my head/face, toes/bottom of feet and neck. its especially worse on my inner thighs, upper arms, lower/middle back and hips. my legs and arms are bruised up and down, i have wounds everwhere and have sometimes scratched myself to the point where im bleeding, on thin skin areas i have sort of hickey like bruises and i feel like i am completely ruining my skin and i feel disgusting. its interrupting my sleep now as well, where i am waking up in the middle of the night because of the itch, and i am struggling to fall asleep as well. my skin is so ugly now too after all of the scratching, and i just need some advice on how to ease/stop it. i am also going insane by how i have absolutely no clue what has caused this hell, please let me know if you have any idea what this could be.
  
    im sorry in advance if some of this doesn't make sense, the words i didnt know in english i have just quickly google translated. but thanks in advance!

Article: I am a 27 female, with no serious medical problems. I’ve had a sharp pain the right side of my chest (near my shoulder) for over 5 months now, since I had my medical pregnancy termination. At first the doctors thought I had a blood clot in my lungs and I had scans but they ruled it out. They decided it could be muscular and said it would get better itself after a few months. It hasn’t. In fact for the past week I haven’t been able to breathe properly and it’s been getting worse. The pain in my chest is more obvious and now it’s travelled to my neck vein. The doctors said it could be something to do with anxiety but I’m not convinced.

Article: I’ve been having bad sharp pains that come and go in this region I’ve been pretty constipated but I always am. Sometimes I go every two days but USALLY it’s every 3 or so. I’ve never had this pain before and it’s worrying me. I don’t know if it’s from that or not? I’m a 32 year old male. 255 pnds 6ft 2in.  I have high blood pressure that I take lisinopril for. Anyone got anything ideas of what could be causing this?

Article: Bloodwork results: Vitamin B12 at 165 pmol/l (reference given ">220"); My Folic acid is 19.1 nmol/l (reference given "7.0-46.4"); Ferritin is 120.1 µg/l (reference given "30 - 350").Apart from my B12 in which I am clearly deficient, both my Folic acid and Ferritin levels are in the acceptable range. Surprisingly enough, my Iron levels are higher than the reference of "11.0 - 28.0" µmol/l at 31.6 µmol/l because if there was one think I thought I would be deficient in, it would be Iron. I wasn't tested for Vitamin D, but I am taking 40µg Vitamin D3 everyday so I doubt I would be deficient.My hairfall started somewhere in early-mid July 2022, I had just come back from my highschool graduation ceremony and was washing my face when a lot of strands of hair just fell out when I gently brushed my hair. About a week before my first HS exam (21st April 2022) I fell sick for about 3-5 days before I recovered, this could have been COVID but I didn't really get it tested because I didn't want to miss out on any of my upcoming exams, already tested positive for COVID in 2020 and took both vaccination rounds. Adding to that my maternal grandfather also passed away during this week, and while we weren't too close idk if it might've subconsciously affected me because it was the first time I saw my mother literally wailing.
  
    Tl;dr: Could it possibly be the B12 deficiency or the sub optimum folic acid levels that triggered my hairfall?Any help would be appreciated!!!PS- They also had my Thyroid levels tested and I thought I should include them just in case:TSH basal: 1.76 mU/l (0.43 - 4.20)Free T3: 4.2 pmol/l (2.8-6.3)Free T4: 13.4 pmol/l (10.1-17.9)Reverse T3, TPO&TG antibodies were not tested for/ results are not given.

Article: I need to know if I need to go to the hospital or if it's just anxiety and my body telling me what I need to do.
  
    I have smoked marijuana for the past 5 yrs, pretty heavily for 2. Never smoked anything else and don't care to.
  
    The past couple of weeks, I've been having occasional shortness of breath and some mild pains in my chest. I also have had to burp a lot, had some acid reflux as well that I have been taking Omeprazole to try and handle.
  
    I've cut way down on the weed the past weeks, including mixing what I have used with Mullein leaf in the hopes it'll open up my airways more.
  
    This evening, I have felt generally short on air and it's made me really scared, it's always worse when sitting or lying down also. I smoked a little in the evening, and 30-45 mins later is when I began to feel bad, though I generally have a lot of health anxiety so I feel that it is contributing a lot.
  
    I've decided the first thing to do definitely is cut out the smoking completely, which I plan on starting immediately. I don't have health insurance, so I just want someone to tell me that I'm not risking my life by letting this go for a while to see if it improves before I seek help.

Article: As the title says, had recent blood and urine tests and everything is normal however I am having severe increase in urination and lower back pain. Waking up 1-2 times during the night and having sleepless nights. 33m, 6” 330 pounds. A1C was 5 and non fasted glucose was 94. I can show bloods if necessary.

Article: I weigh 280 pounds, 6'1", I take 50 mg of Pristiq daily, I'm a heavy drinker but I dont smoke, male, no know medical issue besides being obese, unsure when it began but I noticed it a couple of hours ago.
  
    A couple of years ago I overdosed on methylphenidate, 800mg of extended released concerta, I remember feeling my heart stop for a couple of seconds and then start and my chest ached for days after, I did go to the ER but they said it was a panic attack and sent me home. Not sure if this is something wrong with my heart or not.
  
    Waiting for my doctor to reply but im not sure if its serious or not. The blueness/paleness starts near the base of the finger and ends right before my nail, it might not show up on camera.
  
    Used a finger oximeter and it was a little low 92%, my heartrate was also quite high which i think is from anxiety, it went up to normal again to 99 or 98 but my fingers were still blue, this was a couple hours ago, I check again a couple minutes ago and my blood oxygen is 99% but fingers are still blue!
  
    I have no other symptoms in my fingers besides sometimes feeling cold, I do have anxiety though.
  
    My brother sees it too. So I know im not crazy
  
https://gyazo.com/00f630aaa722de196a59025548345baf

Article: My mother is around 70 years old now. When she presses her thumb or any finger for that matter on the palm side, it becomes flat and takes some time to rebound to be normal.What is causing this? Thanks.

Article: 40F, 5’6”, 155 lbs, no current meds (waiting to get that figured out), history of cancer and stroke
  
    I had an IV placed on the underside of my wrist (the side where my palm is, where my hand meets my arm) and it was extremely painful. The nurses tried two other spots before they put it there. My arm is bruised. The IV was placed a few days ago. I’m having constant tingling in my hand and arm now. Is there anything I can do for the tingling? Will it go away on its own? I feel silly making an appointment for this.

Article: Hi everyone, I apologize for such a lengthy post but thank you in advance…
  
    27f here - I’ve never had any health issues but several months ago I noticed my voice being a little raspy. My wife thought maybe it’s from smoking THC so I cut back - Then I thought my spot was getting harder to swallow so I started getting nervous but forgot about it.
  
    Several weeks ago I started experiencing heartburn for the first time. Got bloodwork and everything was decent except iron deficient anemia. Then I started getting bouts of nausea from my stomach and indigestion and heartburn, as well as random stomach pain on the left upper diagonal from bellybutton.
  
    Yesterday (11/12) I went to urgent care because I had been vomiting and in majorrrrr pain from a burning sensation in my stomach and chest. I asked for a CT but doctor said it was probably just GERD with norovirus and to follow up with regular doctor. They did bloodwork and my hemoglobin was back up to normal (I’m on iron supplements from previous results) I have an appointment at 5 today and will ask for an endoscopy because I’m terrified.
  
    Food is starting to kind of get stuck I think? (A piece of meat and then a sandwich, and then spicy broth). The thing that is scaring me is I’m scared I have esophageal cancer. I know it’s rare, but I have the symptoms above (chest burning, indigestion, heartburn, pain), iron deficient anemia, and the scariest part…  2 years ago I was 166 pounds, then in January of this year I was 157 but yesterday I was 144 (isn’t that unexplained weight loss?! My wife says it’s not since it’s two years, but I’ve not changed anything)- I’m now worried maybe I’m having loss of appetite too because I don’t  have a desire lately. I keep coming back to 166 to 144 in two years.
  
    Can anyone provide anything? I’m sorry but I’m so scared. I can only focus on cancer. I see everything saying it’s rare and even rarer for my age group, but then I found Reddit and found people my age and younger dying from just that thinking it was originally gerd.
  
    Thank you I’m so sorry, please be nice

Article: Male. My urethra itches after I ejaculate. Tested negative for pretty much everything. I’m thinking it has to do with my prostate considering it only itches after ejaculation? Been on a bunch of antibiotics. What y’all think?

Article: I have sleep apnea Diagnosed book sleep study in a week as I show most symptoms My eyes go so right at throughout the day even if I just woke up from a nap or if I slept over 12 hours there’s no pain or itching though Is it that big of a deal? Looks like this :
  
https://www.google.ae/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fstacylash.com%2Fcdn%2Fshop%2Farticles%2FTHE-RED-EYES-PROBLEM.jpg%3Fv%3D1674034080&tbnid=5sazmjZ7PPte3M&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fstacylash.com%2Fblogs%2Fclient-concerns%2Fthe-red-eyes-problem&docid=IvVv6CwT9LqUtM&w=2363&h=2205&hl=en-ae&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim%2Fm1%2F3&shem=uvafe2

    Sometimes one eye sometimes both

Article: I (F23) weigh 115 pounds and am 5'5. I just got diagnosed with pre diabetes almost a month ago. My AC1 is 5.7 and the other one is 117 I forgot what it's called. It's literally all I think about from the moment I wake up until I go to sleep. I'm literally on reddit right now asking this at 1am because I can't sleep because I can't stop thinking about it.
  
    I see so much conflicting information. I need to know once and for all is pre diabetes full blown diabetes or not? And if it is why is it not just called that? Also if it is why has my doctor not put me on any medication? All my family members with diabetes were on some type of medication. What is the answer I need to know! One doctor on an entirely different sub said there's a difference while another person on like a fitness sub said there doctor said anybody with pre diabetes who thinks they don't have diabetes is just lying to themselves so which one is it I can't live like this anymore!

Article: Hi, 27F, 5"6', 96kg
  
    DXs; T2 diabetes, various psychiatric conditions, Chronic pain under investigation, stress incontinence, hyperhidrosis, ADHD and insomnia
  
    Meds; Duloxetine, Metformin, Solifenacin, Lansoprazole, Celecoxib, Propantheline Bromide, Methylphenidate Hydrochloride and Mirtazapine (can provide dosages if needed)
  
    The injury- I was on a bus at approximately 8:30am, sat in the side facing seats directly behind the driver. the driver turned a corner way too fast and I was flung forward from my seat onto the floor. When flung forward I hit the right side of my chest directly into the support pole between the seats and then my forearm (it was outstretched to protect my 6yo who was largely unhurt). When I cried out for the driver to stop (as I was falling) he braked hard and my side/back connected with the step of the seat.
  
    I initially felt a bit sore but okay but when we got off the bus it hurt to breathe in and I realised I must have also hit my stomach on something as that had pain too.
  
    It's been 45 minutes, it still hurts when I move but at like a 3/4 pain wise, I'm not incapacitated but I'm not comfortable.
  
    Usually I would head to the urgent care near me but my son only attends school part time and I can't risk missing pick up (his 1-1 finishes at 1pm) and I can't take him with me after school because he often deals with sensory overload in medical buildings.
  
    So I'm looking for common sense/logic. Am I safe to monitor at home (obviously going to get checked on worsening symptoms) or should I get checked this morning as a precaution and see if the school can support him if it runs long?

Article: I’m not entirely sure if this is the right place to ask this but I’ve a feeling that raddians can help me with this. It’s a bit awkward and awful at the same time. Like weeks ago I had proper sex with someone for the first time. But the problem was I think I had a premature ejaculation which was too soon than I thought. So my question is it normal for the first time or do I need to see a doctor or should I try some medicine? Cause I’m going to have intimate relation anytime soon again and I don’t wanna feel awkward about it.
  
    Personal Details : Age : 28 Height: 5’7” Medicine: None Smoking/Drinking: None Weight: 63

Article: I’m 20F and went to urgent care for a UTI along with throbbing Kidney pain. I’ve had kidney stones before so I’m familiar with where the kidneys are and how they hurt, it’s definitely my left one hurting.
  
    I’ve had this UTI for at least 4 months, the kidney pain has started roughly a week ago. It’s embarrassing to admit, but I couldn’t swallow the large pills when I was first diagnosed in August so I gave up on treatment until now.
  
    The urgent care doctor seen yesterday gave me Macrobid 100mg, twice a day, for 5 days. I’m concerned the UTI is considered complicated now and I may need something like Ciprofloxacin.
  
    Do you think I need the ER? The kidney pain is so bad, I need constant heat from the heating pad or it’s excruciating. I’m also experiencing bleeding from the urethra even while not peeing.

Article: Today I (21F)—5’2”, 116 lbs—noticed a lump on my spine. I am diagnosed with anxiety, OCD, depression, and hypothyroidism. I am currently taking Levothyroxine for my thyroid and 150 mg Bupropion. The bump is located on maybe Thoracic 8 or 9(?). It hurts to touch and it looks like there’s a little bit of redness or bruising on top of it. I don’t have any tingling or numbness in my extremities and everything feels and acts normal other than the occasional lower back pain. The pain doesn’t worsen when I lie down. I don’t have incontinence or paralysis. I touched the bump and I can’t move anything around like you might a cyst. Instead it feels hard like bone. This makes me worried about it being a bone tumor. I think I have noticed it in passing now for a while, and it’s never gotten bigger to my knowledge. It’s small enough that it could pass as just another vertebrae so I didn’t think anything of it. I can’t remember the first time I noticed it, but it must have been a couple weeks or months ago. Today was when I really examined it and got concerned. I emailed my doctor and I will call their offices tomorrow to schedule an appointment, but should I go to an urgent care facility? I didn’t go today since I was concerned about the wait time of 4+ hours and because I have a hard time trusting people that are not my PCP since I have bad health anxiety/OCD and have been brushed off and misdiagnosed a few times. I’m also upset since I have a lot to do for school as a college student and this is just making me unable to concentrate. I will put a picture in the comments.

Article: 28F 124lbs
  
    Doesn't look infected it's not warm or red it happened 2 days ago. Since then been somewhat taken care of ( Neosporin + bandages )
  
    These pictures arejust after my shower
  
https://imgur.com/a/ozCzG4w

Article: M 19 , 56 KG l. a few days back I fell from a two wheeler and had a injury in my right knee, the moment I got up after felling I was able to stand up and move a step forward but the moment I turned my right knee inward I Felt  like my tibia moved in ward and my knee moved out ward and I fell on the ground and felt My joint may be dislocated. after that we directly went to hospital have first-aid on my rest injuries and a X-ray of my knee . The X-ray was normal and doctor said I had no dislocation or broken bone but I said to him that I felt my bone moving and he insisted and said I might be lying. Then we went to another doctor (he had a bone clinic) and he said that it might be a ACL tear and asked us to go to hospital after the swelling is over . After that we waited for the swelling to recover meanwhile yesterday I was trying to move my leg and the moment I moved it towards inside I felt again like my Tibia just moved back and caused an extreme pain and then I straighten my leg immediately and felt the tibia move forward to its normal position again . Today i went to the hospital and told the doctor about it he saw my leg and told me it's muscle injury and required a 3 week rest I told him about moving my bone he touched my knee and inspect and said it's just muscle injury. And said that a bone can not move like that and prescribed rest and some medicines along with a knee brace . Can a doctor here actually tell me what might be the case .

Article: Age: 36
  
    Sex: M
  
    Weight: 135lbs
  
    Duration of complaint: 2 days
  
    Location: right leg
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: no
  
    Current medications: none
  
    Hello Docs,
  
    I am on a 500 mile walk/hike and I am having an anterior shin splint in my right leg. There are some spots of bruising the have appeared on that side of the shin, but I am not sure if it is related, but I don’t recall bumping it. (I am very fair skinned and bruise easily though.) the pain started at the end of the day two days ago. I had to push through one more day, but I am now at a place I can rest. I would like to get walking/hiking as soon as possible. I have started to ice the leg last night and this morning and have it slightly elevated. I am wondering what the ideal couple/few days of rest would look like to get back on the trail?
  
    As in, what stretches and how often? How often to ice? Keep elevated? Take anti inflammatories? Any thing else?
  
    When I get back to the walk, I plan on slowing my pace and shortening my daily distances.
  
    Will I need to wait until all the pain is gone, or once it has lowered can I push through light pain without likely causing more damage?
  
    Any other suggestions would be appreciated. Thanks!!

Article: Hi, I'm making this post out of desperation for my little sister that is currently 14 years old as I don't know what to do at this point.
  
    Last Sunday, exactly 7 days ago, it's now going on 8. She had diarrhea, on and off for 4 days, while at school she got sudden pain that as she described "felt like someone punched her in her" in her lower right side, but she explains her pain is in mid abdomen on the right side.
  
    After this occurred, she began having issues keeping her food down. Anything she eats is vomited for the most part. High fevers followed after. While at the hospital she started throwing up what she described looked like "balsamic vinegarett" being a kid that's the best way she could describe it and none of the hospital staff notified anyone in our family. I'm going to include photos of lab work done below in comments, I'm sorry, but I'm desperate for answers, and we've tried all our local options.
  
    I'll respond to any comments or questions asked in the morning as I find out info since my mom is the one dealing with everything going on.

Article: I (29f) went to give my dad (mid60s?? m) his weekly shot of ozempic (.5mg) for his diabetes, and when I went to put the little guard back on the needle before putting in in a little sharps container, I somehow put the needle through the little cap and stabbed my thumb with it. I’m assuming it’s fine, but I just want to make sure.
  
    Thanks :)

Article: Starting in September, I 31F have been occasionally waking up from sleep with an elevated heart rate and other symptoms of a panic attack (shaking, shortness of breath, sometimes tingly hands or feet).
  
    I have a 15 year history of depression and have had maybe 2-3 daytime panic attacks in that time frame with a known trigger. Currently, I have no emotional trigger that I can think of and these events have happened at least 6 times in the past few months.
  
    I am currently taking 100mg of Lamictal and a birth control pill nightly.
  
    I also recently had some bloodwork done:
  


    Normal complete metabolic set, except a 5 mmol/L Anion Gap,
  


    normal lipids,
  


    normal hemoglobin A1c,
  


    normal TSH,
  


    low ferritin (23 ng/ml)
  


    Another odd thing that has been happening at night: sometimes I feel as if there is an earthquake happening when I lay down. My body is not physically moving/ having tremors.
  
    I have talked to my psychiatrist and PCP about this issue, and feel like I am being dismissed. Is there something non psychological that could be going on here?

Article: 17M 6 foot 1, 68kg. I came to uni today to notice that the skin on my eyebrows and upper nose are flaking i think??. This is also accompanied by the skin near the edges of my lips to be white like they are dehydrated (i put lip balm several times a day). Other skin problems i have are the areas that my hair touch my skin (specific spots of my forehead) always have like blisters that pop and leave black scarring (i wash my hair every 2 weeks or so). And also the skin on my legs is superrr thin, any abrasion causes wounds, the skin on my hands peels itself every 2 months or so (not painfull and quite fun to pull).

Article: 30 AMAB. Recently I have had a very VERY bad cold-ish type sickness. I confirmed it was not covid, but I had a dull headache and severe coughing. I'm talking coughing fits that lasted upwards of 6-ish minutes with no respite. I have been feeling better-ish recently, but the cough is lingering at nearly the same intensity. I'm waiting it out but something that happened is during one of these fits I felt my foot spasm (this was on friday) and since then my heel has been numb as if it was asleep. There's no pain, just when I cough I feel it in my heel and the bottom of my foot has been in a constant pins and needles state. Should I worry?

Article: I 19 years old filipino male, got my post exposure rabbies vaccine last November 7. I think our cat scratched me yesterday, she is not vaccinated and doesn't look rabid. Do i still need to get injected again? I'm not really sure if I got a scratched, since the wound didn't bleed and seemed so minimal.

Article: 21F with a diagnosed gluten intolerance. I ate some candy that did not say it had wheat in it. Nerds gummy balls. Thought I was in the clear… but I was not. Since Wednesday I have not pooped. I have had EXTREME bloating, obviously constipated, and horrible stomach cramping. To make things worse I am in finals week, so I am busy af and stressed.
  
    Seems like to me these symptoms are because of the gluten. Part of me worries they arent but who knows. Anyways, I took a laxitive pill tonight so we will see. Otherwise, I am wondering how to heal my gut/colon. How can I get things back to normal? Anyone have experience with this?

Article: Female
  
    29
  
    5'4"
  
    202lbs
  
    Latino
  
    Should I be concerned about this? For about 5 years I've been sitting on the foot at my desk for like a long period of time and uh....it doesn't hurt but like.....what do you guys think?
  
    I also like meditate very often as well so of course that wouldn't help cuz I also sit on top of it.
  
Image here

Article: I am 33, female, 5’2 about 180lb, I don’t have any underlying health problems. I have been having issues with my ears for years now. I did go to the doctors initially maybe 5 years ago, but they just said that my drum wasn’t perforated and gave me antibiotics. The antibiotics never do anything and I genuinely don’t believe the issue is because of an infection, I think there may be something wrong. I do try and communicate this, but it doesn’t seem to get listened to.
  
    The issue flares up where is debilitating maybe one every 2 month, but I have minor issues maybe once or twice a week. It does happen in both ears, very rarely at the same time but it has done on occasion, but I’d say the right is the worst.
  
    My ears are constantly itchy, but it’s not right inside, it’s just inside the entrance, and more angled out ways, one or twice a week they get itchy to the point it’s unbearable and I have to use a cotton but to rub them, at this stage I wouldn’t describe it as painful, more inconvenient but a persistent itch. Then every so often (like now) it gets really painful, as if my ear is full of water kind of and it’s putting pressure on the top of my jaw and like the inside of my eye (every single time I’ve seen a doctor at this stage, they’ve looked inside my ear they’ve said it’s looked perfectly normal), but the pain isn’t coming from really deep in my ear it’s more the canal from the entrance, the best was to describe it is the tube but that attaches the outer ear to the inner. I genuinely don’t believe there’s anything wrong with my inner ear. When it gets this bad, I can’t open my mouth properly because moving the ‘tube’ bit is absolute agony. My face is also swollen mainly right in front of my tragus, it’s also painful to touch here and painful to touch the back of the antitragus. I can not lie on that side of my face at all it’s incredibly painful.
  
    It’s 2am in the UK now and I’ve had to get up because I can’t sleep because of the pain.
  
    I’d be extremely grateful if any advice at all. Thank you so much

Article: Hello everyone! I'm 21F and i've been nauseous almost every day for the majority of my life. Ive changed my diet for the better, but i've noticed the same foods give me different reactions. Sometimes i'll eat for example, friend chicken and i'll get REALLY nauseous, then other times ill eat it and ill be okay. I'm also terrified of throwing up, so feeling nauseous sends me into more anxiety which makes me more nauseous. I got diagnosed with SIBO a few years ago but went on antibiotics for it. My biggest problem is that my nausea is very unpredictable and just EVERYTHING makes me nauseous. Even drinking water makes me feel queasy?!!! Not sure if this is relevant, but my periods have ALWAYS been late, like skip a month or are 20 days late. Is there any tests i should take?

Article: I'd really need to have this diagnosed.
  
    I'm male 39 +58 kg. It was annoying in the start but I'm used to it now
  
    Please help 🙏

Article: male 5”10 150 pounds medication metoprolol 50mg split twice through the day.
  
    As of yesterday I started getting chest pain right under my left rib and a little above I think it started after taking metoprolol yesterday and it might of today aswell I’ve had no issues prior with metoprolol for years and I’ve been on the same dose when I was 120 pounds so I am skeptical about It causing it one thing that’s weird is it hurts when I kinda slouch over and sometimes moving positions especially in bed I’ve just went to the er the day before this started but only had a urine test done does anyone have thoughts here it went away throughout the day today but came back just recently an hour or two ago.

Article: 27F. Lately I've been feeling constant vertigo and it's making me very anxious. What could be the cause of this? It comes and goes, but gets worse when I acknowledge it, get anxious or see big open skies. Please help because it's been happening more and more.

Article: Hi everyone 18F  I just wanted to gain some clarity on this disease and if it could be spread from eating a meat (that could've potentially had brains in it) it's been a good 3 years that I haven't had cow head tacos but they used to be my favorite food until I had anxiety over the fact that they could have brain mixed in them. I guess what scares me the most is that the incubation period ranges from 15-30 years

Article: Male 19, I vape nicotine and vape thc, 2 sexual encounters august and around 8 months ago
  
    (Picture in profile)
  
    I have been having a lot of pains in my mouth for the past 3/4 months. It is a persistent throbbing pain in my gums and teeth and jaw bone. I have also had an enlarged tongue that is occasionally very dry. I have these patches all over my tongue that continue to keep changing places sizes and even what they look like. I’ve always kinda had a geographical tongue… but this is different. I was prescribed thrush medication about a month and half ago and did that with no avail.  I have been tested for everything… and yes I did test for HIV. Although I am having all the symptoms of HIV I ended up being negative of all Stds Sti and HIV.
  
    I went to the dentist and she said teeth look fine no cavities no nothing. She also said gums look good aswell. She also said that my tongue was just geographical.
  
    Symptoms: Throbbing gums/teeth/jaw
  
    Low back pain sometimes
  
    Joint pain in knee
  
    Chronic dry mouth
  
    Weird sometimes painful lesions on tongue/ also move around tongue
  
    White patch on uvula
  
    Hard to talk
  
    sore tongue Enlarged tongue

Article: Apologies in advance for my jumbled medical language. I realize most people will likely say “wait and see” but feeling devastated by some recent news from a loved one and looking for some clarity.
  
    Family member had RCC cancer four year ago. Detected stage 1 on the kidney, removed surgically, surgeons said cancer was fully removed, no further treatment needed. They get full body scans each year, and two weeks ago had a scan that showed a 4cm mass in the left abdomen. Same medical team is working the case, says they don’t think it’s the RCC returning, the growth has “clear margins” (they don’t think it’s attached to any organs), it does have vascular supply, and it’s fluid filled. It’s near the colon. There was some concern that if it’s biopsied it might burst. The surgeon said it was “suspicious” and they would proceed with removal then sending to oncology. Sounds like the rapid growth was a factor in that concern as well.
  
    Two questions:
  


    Does this sound like malignant cancer? I’m unfamiliar with how cancer works in the body, so I’m confused how a tumor that’s attached to nothing could be cancerous
  


    Is it possible it’s the RCC returning at stage IV?
  


    TIA!

Article: Please help I am 19, I am biologically female but I transitioned to male. I am 5'6 and 210lbs, I don't exercise very often, I am overweight. I take gel testosterone for about 2 years now, and about 4 months ago I received double incision top surgery. This does not seem to have anything to do with the surgery, but just in case I thought it should be known. I take ibuprofen and Tylenol every once in awhile. I have an IUD hormonal. I do not do drugs/smoke and I drink on rare occasions.
  
    About 2 months ago I started getting this weird feeling in my chest like pressure, and when this would happen it would make it a bit harder to breathe. I would also get this feeling like my heart was beating so fast but when I put my hand to my chest it feels normal paced but very loud clear thumps. It would happen in episodes, originally being 20-30 minutes with 3-4 episodes a day.
  
    This increasingly got worse and worse, about 3 weeks ago I went to urgent care for this because I was getting extremely light headed at work because I could not breath right. At this point in time the episodes would last 1-2 hours at about 5-6 episodes a day. They took an X-ray and saw nothing, they blamed it on anxiety. I used to have anxiety, this was not anxiety. They also blamed it on my weight, I have stayed basically the  same weight for the past two years, why would I suddenly be struggling so much? They said my heart and my lungs sounded fine.
  
    In the morning radiology called and told me that I had a density in my left lung and to go to the hospital for a cat scan. I went, they said that I have one small cyst but to see any closer I need to get an MRI. Closest they can schedule is late January, I schedule the appointment. They also said my heart and my lungs sounded fine.
  
    Fast forward to now, I am coughing up mucus every night even though I am not sick. It's clear. I am so dizzy from not being able to breath and can not get a good night sleep because I wake up constantly in the middle of the night because I can not breath. I have lots of coughing fits. The pressure on my chest is so heavy I find it hard to speak. I can constantly hear my heart beating out of my chest. I now usually get 2-4 hours a day where I am not suffering from these symptoms. They tend to get worse at night. Oddly burping and eating tends to relieve it a little bit but only a very small amount and only for about 5 minutes. Pain killers do not do anything.
  
    In between now and then I did get a small cold where I had a runny nose and cough and a sore throat. During the 3-4 days I had this cold I had absolutely no episodes. I had nothing wrong with my chest so I don't think it hid behind my other symptoms.
  
    I am looking for anything that could possibly help me. I don't believe all of this is caused by just a small cyst. I constantly feel like my heart is about to explode from so much pressure on it, I am panting for breath constantly. I feel like I am going to die, but I feel like no one will listen to me. I can't wait until January I don't think I will be alive by then.

Article: 33, M, 155 pounds, large handful of medications which can be found under different posts I’ve made. I have a vascular autoimmune disease.
  
    Starting after large doses of corticosteroids between 2016-2018 I developed secondary adrenal failure. After figuring out the proper autoimmune disease and getting on the correct meds I was able to avoid steroids for long enough that the secondary adrenal failure is much more tame than prior.
  
    The disease itself has calmed down from where it used to be. I’m feeling good enough to want to work out and did around 2020. However, whenever I weightlift or do physical things I get an insane amount of energy. It lasts all day and causes extreme insomnia. I already take Dayvigo for it (I’m temporarily not taking it due to some GI issues) and alprazolam plus my normal meds.
  
    All of a sudden I realized I cannot fall asleep and was wondering why my insomnia ran rampant. It’s from work at a part time job I picked up. This is right before bed so it makes a bit more sense. However, with weightlifting and other exercise (I really can’t do heavy cardio stuff as I’m skinny enough as it is) I tried doing it for 10 mins or multiple hours. I found the best way if I’m going to do it is multiple hours on an every other day or even every 3 day schedule.
  
    Is there a medical reason this could be happening? Medication related? Can it just be some weird anatomy quirk I have? For as long as I remember even before my disease was obviously present I do remember the more physically exhausted I felt, the more awake I would be.

Article: I 26F have always had irregular periods. I have been using the mini pill as contraception for the last 12 or so months. I stopped taking this just over 2 weeks ago following a break up and I am not using any contraception currently. I've been having some more than usual discharge for about a week so have been expecting my period, this has been white but unusually thick. I thought I was starting my period yesterday there was a small amount of spotting, the blood colour was black which does sometimes happen for me at the start and end of my period. This has been happening for maybe the last 6 months? However since the spotting last night there is hardly any blood but a lot of mucus, more mucus than there has ever been for me. I know mucus in your period blood is normal but this is 95% mucus and I've never experienced it through my 10 plus years of periods before, is this normal?
  
    Maybe relevant, I've never been pregnant or had children
  
    Thanks in advance xox

Article: Strange back pain exactly like tight sports bra but worse when lying down. 31F, 5'4", 180lbs, no medications, non smoker.
  
    Back pain started around 4 pm this evening in middle back, felt relief when bending over and hanging arms forward. Figured it was from being on my feet all day. Later around 6pm ribcage area of back felt like it was being caused pain by my sports bra being too tight all day, took off bra, didn't get much better 2 Tylenol but seemed a little better.
  
    Thought maybe I needed to lay down and decompress..nope. in bed at 930pm. Pain got worse when laying down. Occasionally ebs away so I can sleep but been awake most of the night flipping around to find a comfortable position.
  
    Seems better when I'm sitting up. Pain killers don't seem to touch it, warm heating pad is a little improvement, it's now 2 am.
  
    Aching, constant pain not throbbing not sharp or knife-life. Have a history of Pulmonary Emb in my 20s but this isn't a pain that gets worse with a deep breath. Also no pain or weirdness when peeing (kidneys?). Used a shovel a bit today in the garden but nothing incredibly strenuous on my back and twing/twangs when shoveling.

Article: 20 M, 5'11 300 lbs (not fit, I know.)
  
    I drink more than enough water every day, get my 8 hours of sleep and use blue light filters on my computer and phone. Despite this, these past few days (earlier this past week), I got a nasty headache in the left-side of my head that will NOT go away.
  
    Ibuprofen gets rid of it for a few hours, but currently I do not have any more and it starts right back up after I wake up.
  
    I *did* lose my WFH job recently, so maybe it's internalized stress? I'm not trying to freak myself out or anything, just, guess I'm worried.

Article: Hi!
  
    I am 36F, 170lbs, currently taking 20mg Vyvanse daily for ADHD
  
    I have a pretty nasty cough this past week (no other symptoms, feel fine just persistent cough). I decided to take benylin tonight to see if it would help settle it (it has so far).
  
    However, about 15 minutes after taking it my whole abdomen started to feel like it was burning on the inside and then I started to sweat. I thought I was going to have to go to the hospital because I felt so terrible. I also noticed that my heart rate dropped about 20bpm during this time, to waaay below normal for me. It was under 60bpm when my resting heart rate is normally 75-80bpm.
  
    I feel fine now, but am wondering if this is a normal reaction? Is it because of my Vyvanse? I have attached a screenshot of my cardiogram chart showing the drop. The feeling unwell lasted about 15 minutes and the drop was the last five or so minutes of it.
  
    I have an appointment with my doctor this week to follow up on my echocardiogram, should I mention this?
  
https://ibb.co/n1GGH1Y

Article: Hello so I suffer with anxiety and due to that I do tense jaw and grind my teeth without knowing
  
    I went the dentist last month and they did confirm that they can see I grind my teeth
  
    Over the past 5 days all day both sides of my jaw have been hurting it feels like someone is squeezing it
  
    Is there anything I can do to minimise the pain? It’s getting a little annoying now & does it sound like TMJ?
  
    Age 26

Article: Male 25, 5’10, 230 white.
  
    I’ve been having some weird lymph nodes lately. I had one under my arm yesterday that hurt a little bit to touch, but it went anyway pretty quickly. Today, I noticed a swollen lymph node in my collar bone. It’s not huge or anything, but it feels almost warm under my skin.
  
    I guess I’m concerned that it feels warm. Is this normal? I was a little sick a few weeks ago, but this just started to swell recently I believe.
  
    Any help is appreciated.

Article: Is this abdominal region concerning?
  
    29M, 135lbs, 6ft, non smoker, no drugs or drinking, history of asthma, PVC’s & pac’s
  
    I’ve been having some stomach pain the last 3 days or so, to the left of my belly button, going down & into my middle & lower back but it’s not too bad, I think it’s constipation tbh as I’ve been having some trouble going/passing gas but it’s been a little better the last day or so. That being said I noticed this kinda hard lump where circled in the picture earlier and like, is that something to be concerned about? Is it like my aorta or something? Thanks in advanced.
  
https://imgur.com/a/QiUOVjJ

Article: How to self-treat a burn, the skin is white, hard, and can't feel anything directly on the burn, but the area around stings. The wound is only .25 inches by 1 inch, professional medical help is not an option. How do you treat it as well as possible at home? Thank you

Article: 22F. 135 lb. California, Mexican American. Ive been dealing with a ton of chronic health issues since a bout of pneumonia in late August including left side numbness, abdominal pain, back pain, increased heart rate, occasional trouble breathing.
  
    Only diagnoses are mild asthma and fatty liver, brain/ spine MRI, abdomen CTs, abdomen ultrasounds, bloodwork, chest x ray, EKG all normal.
  
    I had COVID in January and was exposed to it a few days ago and over the course of a few hours today now I have chills, a 100 fever, increased back and abdomen pain, and a sitting heart rate of 100bpm. Frequent urination. Blood pressure is 110/75. Oxygen sitting at 97-98. Rapid tests turn neg but I know they can suck.
  
    Do I keep monitoring for a sudden downturn in symptoms and vitals? What is bad enough to constitute a trip to the ER??? I just can’t gauge what’s normal since my symptoms are so bizarre and I have so much anxiety :-,(

Article: For context: I'm 29, female bodied (trans male without hormones)
  
    Last Tuesday I was about to step up a single step into my kitchen but my knees began to buckle & I nearly sank to the floor. Grabbing the doorpost was the only thing that stopped me. I've got generally terrible health, but this is new. In 2016 I was in car wreck & walked on a sprained knee for 6 months before my Dr ordered an MRI, & since my back gave out my left knee & shin have had small shooting pains (not really sharp but not exactly dull) when I walk. I've been to PT because my legs, & I know my muscles are weak, but this was something else I feel like.
  
    I have a Drs appointment in a couple weeks, & (I kinda hate to admit this even though I shouldn't) I have a cane I've been keeping around to help me on my bad days recently (it's mainly to help me get up if I need it). Could this just be bad posture? Or could this potentially be something worse? I'm generally freaked out by this & my husband's hasn't really been that supportive for once.

Article: I'm a young and somewhat fit male with a constantly inflamed and cracking neck and inner elbow which I'm going to see my new doctor about. I also have dermatitis of my scalp, dry eyes, and starting to feel inflammation in my right hand now.
  
    I recently did blood work that showed 1,400/uL. Basically the normal range is 0.0-0.4, and I'm at 1.4 . I have no seasonal allergies to pollen or anything, so I'm worried about something autoimmune.
  
    My previous doctor didn't mention anything about it (the only note was about hemoglobin A1C at 5.8% which is apparently prediabetes), and I didn't feel comfortable with that doctor anyways, since all they did was recommend a PT for my neck, so I switched.
  
    I read here that anywhere above 0.4 counts as eosinophilia, so I'm pretty concerned at 1.4. What should I expect? And what type of specialist should I ask for a referral to?

Article: 16M, 178cm, 60kg. No body in my family have ever gotten skin cancer.
  
    The spots first appeared around 4 months ago. At the time they are very tiny and not growing larger. However, they suddenly started to grow a lot larger in the past month; they got twice as large in three weeks. I already booked an appointment with my family doctor. However, I am extremely worried and I wonder how bad is this. I will post a picture in the comments

Article: Hi, I’m 28F, 5’4” and about 130 pounds. No known health issues but I currently have hand foot mouth disease that I caught from my toddler.
  
    I have had a sore throat that started 5 days ago and has only gotten much much worse, I have sores all over my throat and I’m in so much pain. I had a fever two days ago but haven’t had one since. I was hoping I might be on the upswing but today I developed a bunch of canker sores on my tongue and lips, and my throat is still raw and painful. Besides the pain, I don’t feel malaise or sick like I did when I had the fever. I don’t have any rashes on my body, just in my mouth. I am a teacher and I’m not going in to work tomorrow, but I’ve taken off a lot because of this and I’m running out of days to take. I’m also behind on a lot of things and want to get back to work, but I don’t want to get anyone else sick.
  
    When is it safe for me to go back to work/when will I no longer be contagious?

Article: 29 Male 195lbs 5’9”
  
    I’m currently taking Lexapro, Lamotrogine, PreP, Pantoprazole 2x a day, and Cialis, Sildenafil, and Edex as needed(not all at once)
  
    So I would get these aching pains as if I was struck in the testicles on occasion when I felt like I had to use the restroom, accompanied by a sharp pain in my lower abdomen at times. My stool was was never consistent and I was either constipated or had diarrhea every time.
  
    Since my appendectomy some time in late or mid August, I have gotten severe testicular pains when I feel like I have to make a bowel movement. So much so that it has made even working difficult with how frequency the need has been and I have had diarrhea almost the entire time once I was able to have a BM again after my surgery.
  
    I never had my follow up appointment with the surgery as it was done at an Air Force hospital about an hour from me as I was transferred from the VA and it just never worked with my work schedule.
  
    I’m just at a loss what could be causing these pains though but it’s made my life absolutely miserable

Article: 16F, 5’2 and 123 lbs, no medications, no alcohol or drugs, no diagnoses.
  
    Hi, I’ve been having chest pain, chest tightness and chest heaviness for almost two months now. My symptoms are often accompanied by jaw pain and tingling & pain in my right arm. I often struggle to breathe too.
  
    It’s been affecting my quality of life a lot. I haven’t been able to attend school as much as I have to. The symptoms are worse in the morning, but they’re there for most of the day.
  
    I cut out caffeine, even though I wasn’t drinking coffee a lot beforehand. I also don’t drink energy drinks or anything like that. I don’t suffer from anxiety either. What should I do?

Article: Pics

    About Me: 21F, no physical diagnoses, occasional Indomethacin for migraines, everyday Vitamin C, Iron, and Biotin vitamins.
  
    Context: I went out to the bar 2 weeks ago, the next day or so I noticed a tiny 1/2 inch scab (scab gone but is about directly in the center). It became extremely itchy and I tried my best to not itch. I also noticed I was peeing about 2x an hour or so a few days later(not sure if this info is connected or not). Fast forward, it’s now about the size of an orange, has a weird whitish ridge/line on the one side. It’s raised up like a welt, there’s those little red pinprick things, the itching is basically unbearable and painful to not itch. Day by day it’s getting bigger. I’ve tried hydrocortisone, that relieves it for maybe 5-10 minutes if I’m lucky. Yesterday I went to urgent care, they said more than likely I have a uti. I asked about this thing too, however it was a virtual doctor on an iPad and honestly I’m not confident that it was adequate to diagnose that way. She said cellulitis, perhaps it is, pics I’ve seen look a bit different and it doesn’t say anything about being itchy as a symptom. I just moved and haven’t been able to find a derm or pcp accepting new patients. I’d greatly appreciate any feedback and possible remedies while I scour for a doc!

Article: 27 Male 5'11 202LB Medication: buspirone Smoking: No Diagnosis: GAD, Panic Attacks, Pre-diabetes,  Elevated Cholesterol, Hypertension
  
    At what point should I be taking meds if I have white coat? I can get as high as 170/90 in office on the first read, then down to 150-140/80 by the end of the visit. Pulse is also usually quite high in office. Home BP average is 120/70, have checked other places including work and I don't get much higher than 130/80. Heart rate usually 65-75. Have noticed other spikes during stress, but they're infrequent.

Article: This is what my foot looks like after wearing an ortho walking boot for a week after spraining my ankle, what could it be, any suggestions for treatment? 42M, 5ft8, 195lbs
  
https://imgur.com/a/knZFJ7Y

Article: 35F, 5'8", 163lbs, UK, don't drink alcohol since 2021, don't smoke, don't do any drugs, 10mg nifedipine X3 daily
  
    Drs of Reddit, I am absolutely desperate for your help.
  
    Im currently breastfeeding my baby (16months) and recently developed Raynauds in one nipple. I tried all the home remedies (staying warm, warm breast pads etc.) but none of them worked so saw my GP who reluctantly prescribed nifedipine. The Raynauds started after some nipple trauma from a milk bleb, that too ages to heal if that's relevant.
  
    The issue I've got is now I'm getting excruciating vasospasms without blanching whenever I try to come off the nifedipine. They literally last for the entire day, although the pain goes from about an 7/8 to a 4/5 as the day goes on. I can't find anything to relieve them once they start.
  
    I was told a 2 week course of nifedipine should sort it, with another 2 week course being required only rarely. But I can't seem to not take it, as when we taper the dose the vasospasms immediately come back, sometimes with the blanching if I'm not taking nifedipine.
  
    Nifedipine makes me feel absolutely awful, but a lower dose doesn't work. I can't cope with the vasospasms as they're the most painful thing I've ever experienced in my life, and I'm no sucker to pain and have a high threshold.
  
    My GP is stumped, as she's not dealt with this before, not has any other GP at the practice. She says she doesn't know who she would even refer me to, consultant wise, to deal with the issue and it might be a case that I've got to wean my baby. I was really hoping to feed for 2 years and beyond as per WHO guidelines, and I'm not ready to stop yet, but I also can't continue on with this pain as it's ruining my life.
  
    So I'm begging here basically for help. Does anyone know what specialist I'd need to see, or a possible cause? I know vasospasms are only a symptom and they made sense when I had blanching every time but now I don't, I don't know what to do. Or anything I can do to help? Heat doesn't help, keeping warm doesn't stop it, and nor does massage, or painkillers.
  
    Thank you on advance.
  
    Edited to add: the vasospasms are only triggered by my daughter feeding from that side.

Article: 28 Male here have been experiencing stomach issues for awhile. Did a blood test and h pylori antibodies were four times higher than the threshold. Doc put me on Hp-pac but the hp-pac is no longer sold in my region. He then just prescribed all the things in the hp-pac individually. Here's where I messed up: it's 2 500mg of amoxicillin, twice a day. I've been doing 1 500mg of amoxicillin, twice a day. This has been going on 6 days before I realized there was significantly more amoxicillin pills and I went about reading the labels.
  
    Does this matter? Should I just increase to the correct dose by taking the right number of pills starting tomorrow and finish it up? Or should I contact my doctor?

Article: Age: 33, Weight: 315, high blood pressure (its well managed) with medication I stay around 120/90
  
    So when I was overseas I had a Korean doctor give me a blood pressure medication that was a combination of:
  


    Losartan 100MG
  


    Amlodipine 5MG
  


    Chlorthalidone 25MG
  


    Now in Korea I had all those medications in one, easy to take pill. In America I get three separate pills...why? I found my blood pressure meds were much easier when it was just one pill.

Article: This ended up being an extremely long post but I'm venting stuff that I've been holding for 10 years, which have destroyed my life. I really believe all here is relevant, so here we go.
  
    I've been dealing with anxiety all my life, since i was a kid, but it only got serious in my early teens; nearly a decade ago. My anxiety has manifested in many many ways, and some of them are quite weird, but they usually deal with over self awareness on specific parts of my body. Some, common, like my back (and posture), my butt, others.. more weird, like my tongue (yes, i know. this lasted weeks and i've had it manifest several times), eyes (as well as where i'm looking), or nose.. to name a few. There's a great deal of brain fog too, blurred vision, fatigue (this last one i've managed to overcome through working out and fixing diet issues), daily stomach problems.
  
    But my main problem, and the one that's destroyed my life, has been my inability to walk. I can recall as I approached my teens some close to me had pointed out my gait was stiff, and while it certainly made me a little self aware in situations like playing soccer or just running around, I didn't give it a second thought.
  
    Fast forward a couple of years and now as a full-fleshed teenager the anxiety, fatigue and brain fog started to manifest, quite sudden, quite fast, and quite strongly. My anxiety, like that of many, fluctuates, but during the first year of what I would consider the era where my life started to fall apart the number of social interactions affected by anxiety increased considerably. My school performance heavily dropped, i started to isolate myself, pushing my friends away, both directly, and indirectly; by rapidly becoming someone people didn't wanna be around due to these issues... but the worst was yet to come.
  
    2015. Anxiety had fully taken over by this point. Due to the nature of where I was studying I spent an average of 8 hours in school, in public, constantly battling crippling anxiety, as well as everyone else around me laughing at me because they could tell something was going on to me, but didn't know how severe it was.
  
    At one point.. out of nowhere, someone pointed out to me my stiff gait and suddenly, I don't know what happened, but something clicked. I can recall that moment quite well, and the walk home afterwards. Ever since then, I haven't been able to properly walk, never. It's been fucking hell, and being quite stubborn I thought this wasn't a real issue and I could fix it myself. Reading it I know it seems sudden, and that it's insane to think such an insignificant comment destroyed my life, but that's how it happened. I don't understand why, but that's just how it is.
  
    I never did stop walking though, and I would constantly try both physical and mental strategies to try and overcome this issue. It's been 10 years, and I can guarantee you I've tried everything, but I never did fix it. I would try something, maybe it worked for a little bit (15 minutes, say) and I would feel hopeful. Only for the anxiety to cripple back in, slowly at first, then all at once. During this decade I've had many emotional rollercoasters where I thought I had fixed it, and turns out, that wasn't the case. When this walking anxiety manifested strongly, which was most of the time, my gait was extremely unbalanced, and completely uncoordinated. It didn't just look bad, it was genuinely worrying. But people didn't bother to think about the hell I was going through in my head, they only saw the physical manifestation of it, so they mocked me and laughed. My social reputation was completely destroyed, and still is, to this day.
  
    I googled the shit out of this too, but I was very young, and yes 2015 may seem like not long ago but I can tell you not many people were talking about this. From the little information that I found, I came to the conclusion that I had something called ambulophobia, as in, fear of walking. It brought me some relief to put a name on it, but I was ashamed of this possibility. I only shared this ambulophobia theory with my closest friend, and he completely disregarded it as it was so bizarre.
  
    So I lived like this, for all these long years, in which, as I've mentioned, tried countless psychological approaches to try and tackle this issue, as well as physical solutions, like running, a lot of cycling, exercise, and stretches. Nothing worked. And I'm not saying I exercised for two weeks and dropped it, no, I cycled a lot everyday for years, ran for months, and to this day I still train my legs regularly.
  
    This year I experienced several instances of particularly strong walking anxiety moments, which, it's fine, I'm used to it. Except, it happened during the presence of a girl that I seriously fell for, someone that I really thought could become close to me. So I had enough, and decided to take action. I started to treat this as a serious issue, and began the process of doing some studies on myself to try and figure out what was wrong with me, for I thought that it couldn't just be anxiety, there had to be more to it.
  
    Also, I bought a walking cane. I still use it to this day, and I'm completely honest when I say it has completely removed the inconsistency of walking. I can just walk, you know? Before there was self doubt, unbalance, poor coordination, fear, in every single step. Now, I can just walk. My right foot goes aligned with the cane on my left hand, and each step is a fucking bliss. It's also, in great part, due to the cane itself. It's a symbol, a big neon sign to the world that says "hey, I have a walking problem", and people immediately understand. Before, this is not something I could explain to people walking by, and those close to me to whom I explained it to didn't believe me, or brushed it off.
  
    Thing is, I became convinced that I had something in my brain, and turns out I didn't. Scans look fine, my brain is in normal condition. I was already living hell so I figured hey, if there IS something wrong with my brain, I can finally put a name on it and start taking medication, even if I never recover, I can at least finally treat it properly. But I was wrong, my brain may not function properly, but it looks just fine.
  
    So.. I'm lost now, I don't know what's next. I'm aware of the extent of my anxiety and that I should definitely start taking meds for it, but I really fear they will not help me walk anymore than a cane does. I fear for side effects as well. I also still think there has to be something else going on with me, maybe something in my inner ear, maybe some sort of vitamin deficiency, a combination of both? I don't know. I really am lost, I don't wanna walk with a cane long term, but there's no way in hell I go back to walking without it unless I have some serious substitute for dealing with this issue.
  
    Also, to this day, I still experience a lot of brain fog, and that's been a major issue as well. Between that and walking.. let's say making friends is out of the picture. It's... lonely. And I've been carrying this weight by myself for a long time. My friends left only a few years ago, but I've been feeling alone for nearly 10 years. I need help. Guidance. Anyone might have an idea on regards to there being an underline condition causing my issues?
  
    Sorry about typos and whatnot, i'm not a native speaker.

Article: My FIL (63M) had a brain tumor that they were doing a biopsy of (it's giant cell astrocytoma) and it started bleeding and caused a stroke on the left side and swelling/pressure. He's been in a coma since Friday and the doctors are doing their best.
  
    My question is what can we do? Is being there helpful? Talking or touching helpful? Or is that helpful for us and not necessarily for him? Or is that stressing a brain that just needs quite?
  
    Thank you

Article: While I didn’t put a lot of pressure on the swab , my right nostril has been hurting ever since , no bleeding or anything just a bit of soreness in my right nostril. I don’t think that nostril is smelling things 100 percent either but I could just be panicking for no reason. Did I mess my nose up? Sorry if this sounds ridiculous thank you

Article: I am Australian, 23 F, 152 cm and 58 kg.
  
    Hi all,
  
    I'm looking for some input on this, I'm not sure whether to see a podiatrist or if I'm overthinking things.
  
    I am [23 F] a massive toe walker, I've been doing it since I learned to walk. My Mum's a toe walker, and my Grandfather was a toe walker. From what I have been told, it is because we have a congenitally short Achilles tendon.
  
    I've tried for years to remember to walk 'heel-toe', but I never could naturally walk that way without constantly thinking about it. Now when I try and walk normally for an extended period of time my tendon gets sore, tight and my feet just feel weak. I also constantly am tensing my toes, which may just be a habit, but I wanted to mention it.
  
    I thought toe walking didn't affect me other than looking slightly odd, but looking back, I realise that whenever I have had days of extended walking (e.g., travelling, walking around cities, walking around shopping malls, etc.), I get bad leg pain extremely faster than anyone else accompanying me, and resting for an hour or so doesn't help the pain. As soon as I get up again it starts hurting just as much as before.
  
    This pain is quite bad and typically occurs during walking (i.e., not fatigue after walking), and is a cramp-like pain in my legs and feet, similar to a bad period cramp, to the point where walking is quite painful for me. It feels like it's a pain in the calf and heel specifically, but shoots up to the thigh as well.
  
    This has resulted in many holidays turning miserable, as just one day of extensive walking results in me needing to sit down every couple of minutes while my friends are completely fine. Ibuprofen or any pain-killer does little to help, and the pain goes away if I very minimally walk for a couple days.
  
    I'm worried that it may be some form of tendonitis or I may even majorly damage my Achilles if I continue without seeking treatment. Though I may just be overthinking, I just am not sure what 'normal people' leg pain is in these situations.
  
    Thank you.

Article: 45M, 5' 10", 160 lbs
  
    I've been doing consistent pushups for the last 2-3 months, averaging about 30-40 pushups with variations like close grip, diamond pushups etc. I usually keep my fingers pointing forward, except when I do a more eccentric pushup with my palms next to my waist and my thumbs directly forward...Off late I have been experiencing some pain only in my left hand (I am right handed), at the area above my wrist and at the base of my thumb. The pain is there for sometime after I finish my pushup, but does not persist, unless I press on the area again. As such it is not serious, but I want to ensure that I am not injuring myself. I have tried to highlight the area of pain in the image (not my hand). What could be the issue? Is this common? Do you think my form is suspect? Should I stop palm pushups and go exclusive on my fists? TIA

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    What could this be? 29m. 217 lbs.
  
https://imgur.com/a/WVigyb8

    My symptoms:
  
    Heart palpitations. Visible abdominal pulsations. Feeling of pulse in left side of neck. Feeling of pulse in left leg. Feeling of tightness around xiphoid process.
  
    It feels really bad when I play sports or go full hiit. My abdomen shakes visibly and I feel my heart beating very strongly in my neck and chest. Eye sight in my left eye slightly darkens and goes back to normal with heart beat.

Article: Hi! I usually don't ask questions for my family members, but I was curious as to what people here would recommend and it may give me some peace of mind. My mother [52F] was diagnosed with a non-hodgkin lymphoma on late 2018 to early 2019. She went through chemotherapy+rituximab. She had her catheter removed on August of this year after some checkups and a good PET scan.
  
    A week ago she went to a full checkup that her work requires. On the chest xray they noticed a "suspicious mass". It's too early to tell, so there's nothing conclusive. My mother doesn't want to send in the results to her oncologist and would prefer to wait until January when she has an appointment.
  
    I am advocating for her to send in her results and have her doctor follow-up, just in case. While it is her choice and I will just try to be supportive, would you advice me to pressure her into getting a follow up appointment as soon as possible? Is there a chance it is a cancer or are these things usually no reason to worry?
  
    Thank you for any advice!

Article: 35F Caucasian, lives in Australia, 164cm, 63 kg. I have 2 septated liver cysts that were discovered during ultrasound. Do I need to give this a second thought or they aren’t a big deal ? The limited info I could find was septated means they aren’t simple and should be checked further ?????

Article: Male 32 6'3 12 stone ish Take a mix of steroids for my skin but no current prescription
  
    This has been a bit of a mystery that’s gone on for a while basically very bad skin conditions but also a tiredness/energising cycle that doesn’t make sense to me.
  
    So I want to go through my detailed day;
  
    I woke around 8AM after likely 5 hours sleep (am not sure). Felt exhausted,
  
    My skin was worse, darker red all over but bumpy in places (this usually means it healing I find and will clear over next 2-3 days) I felt OK in the morning but was noticing a sore throat
  
    Early afternoon I began to feel bad. It’s difficult to explain but I was just feeling off. Stomach was gurgling and I couldn’t focus on anything, my skin was making it really difficult and it was a distraction from doing anything.
  
    By the early evening this was worse. I tried to have an early bed but struggled to sleep and still felt awful. I began to feel off balance when I moved in bed but decided to get up and sit in the living room as I felt unwell.
  
    Over the next few hours I have felt better.
  
    It’s now 5AM and I feel great and wide awake though my skin is still sore. This happens constantly. Morning am dead to the world but evening am full of energy and feel like ‘me’.
  
    I didn’t sleep at any of these times. Luckily I was off today as otherwise would have been difficult working.

Article: 42f caucasian. History migraines, fibromyalgia. I've had lower right abdomen pain on and off for 4 years. With a soft fist sized lump which also comes and goes. No fecael impaction on x-ray, nothing on ultrasound(but never had this while it's painful), inflammatory markers not raised. Not related to period. Basically they think adhesions or grumbling appendix.
  
    The last few weeks it's been painful again, with also a weird feeling in my body sorta in between a shiver and a fever. But no fever and no inflammatory markers.
  
    The last few days the pain got bad again (bad is only 4-5 out of 10)and the lump was there. Now the lump is gone, the pain is gone, and I have a fever (38.6c).
  
    I've got a slight cough too so it's probably just covid/flu. But I can't help but worry that it's actually a burst appendix and I need to be seen. Would rather stay in bed though, I'm cold.
  
    Any thoughts?

Article: Hi all,
  
    Male 33 years old Australia Generally fit and healthy but have some lingering issues (susceptible to dizziness, cobweb eye floaters).
  
    About 2 weeks ago I was on vacation and at the end of the trip, I noticed that my neck was very stiff and when I coughed, I got a bad headache behind my left eye.
  
    The cough trigger seemed to have passed, but am still getting headaches around my temples, above/behind the eyes and lots of pressure and tightness around the back of the head. It's hard to explain but my head just doesn't feel 'right'.
  
    I saw a GP who prescribed antibiotics and nasal spray as a start as he noticed some mucous in the throat, but I have a hard time accepting that this is related as I no longer have any cold and flu symptoms besides some intermittent mucous.
  
    Any ideas what this is or what I should seek? I've been fairly anxious about this and I'm not sure if this is making symptoms worse.
  
    Thanks

Article: I’m female and 19. I have not gotten my wisdom teeth removed yet however I was supposed to due to them coming in sideways on the bottom I also just got over strep a few days ago. This evening I started to feel off again. Now I have pain in the right side of my neck at the back and below the jaw. I also have ear pain and jaw pain mostly in the bottom right and some in the left. I have a little bit of headache behind eyes. I also just feel very tired. Is this just my winsome teeth or could it been the begging of Ludwig’s angina from my wisdom teeth or strep? I’m afraid to go to sleep because I’m worried about my airways being closed off in my sleep.

Article: I, 20 year old male, non smoker,Had an anomaly today that has bugged me and wanted to ask about it. I took some of my ministry kids to a church retreat this weekend, on the drive  back I had the car pretty chilly but despite this I was profusely sweating in my armpits, like big old stains on both sides. But I was not hot at all, and I was not sweating anywhere else, no clammy hands or anything. This went on for the entire car ride of about 5 hours or so. I know typically this would just be labeled as hyperhidrosis, but I don’t have any history of having the condition nor does it run in my family (as a former wrestler, I wish it was easy for me to break a sweat but I never had an easy time doing it.) some things recently that may be at the root of the issue is that I did have a very high amount of caffeine over the weekend, and I was relatively stressed about my boys and some schoolwork I had piling up back home. That being said, I guess my questions are: what caused this sweating episode and how? Am I at any risk of having this become frequent? And what remedies should I take now to put an end to it? Thank you in advance!
  
    I also had strep throat ~ 1 week ago and was treated with a small dosage of steroids and antibiotics.

Article: (F16) I got a CBC done a couple days ago and noticed all the other types of white blood cells were in the lower-normal range, while the monocytes were in the higher-normal range (absolute is around 752). I don't think it's anything serious ofc I just wanna know if there's anything that could cause this, or if I should get another a couple months from now to make sure it's fine instead of waiting a year. I don't have past cbc's so I can't compare. If it helps, my wbc is 5k.

Article: Hi all,
  
    This year I started bouldering and top rope climbing and really enjoy it. For context, with bouldering there is no rope, the walls are around 15ft and so falling 8-10ft (from foot level, depending on the individuals height) is not uncommon. The floor is padded in foam.
  
    Around 6 months ago, I fell and while rolling onto my back to distribute the force, my head hit the padded floor. I didn't think anything of it at the time, but I noticed I started feeling really strange symptoms.
  


    On some days, I encounter these strange feelings that last for a few seconds each, it is almost like an altered state of consciousness for a brief moment, causing confusion & disorientation.
  


    I feel sometimes like an increased pressure in my head, as if someone is squeezing my head.
  


    General brain foginess, sometimes forget things too but I remember them eventually later.
  


    sometimes feeling like I'm not really in the moment, as if I'm on autopilot and I'm just going along for the ride. Other times, I feel totally aware of my surroundings.
  


    Some days these symptoms happen during or after climbing, other days I can climb and not experience symptoms until a day or two afterwards.
  
    In the past 6 months since these symptoms started, I kept climbing 3-4 times per week. So, I've fallen probably hundreds of times since then. I try to tuck my chin so my head doesn't often hit the floor. If it did, most of the force is already absorbed by bending the knees and then falling into the butt and rolling onto the back.
  
    I am really concerned that perhaps I did have a concussion, and I have been either reconcussing myself or at the very least preventing it from healing for 6 months.
  
    I am really upset with myself for not stopping, and now I'm worried I'll end up dying young from CTE or Alzheimer's.
  
    I have OCD, and I was on an extremely high dose of Lexapro / Escitalopram for the last 5 years - I was on 60mg.
  
    I have stopped bouldering now, and I've also reduced my dose to 40mg, and switched from taking it all in the morning to taking half in the morning and half at bedtime.
  
    I'm also on 50mg Quetiapine.
  
    Since doing both of these things, I do feel like I'm feeling much better. I do still get the symptoms sometimes but it's reduced by probably 70% or more.
  
    However, my concern is that I might feel better now, but the damage is already done and I'm at an extremely higher risk for CTE / Alzheimer's now.
  
    I would really like it if someone could please let me know your thoughts.
  
    Thank you so much.

Article: My Dr. gave me an extra dose of Ciprofloxacin because of how often I get UTIs. The bottle expired on May 20, 2023. Although it’s only about 5-6 months expired I just want to make sure it’s okay to safely take. It’s been stored properly in a cool dark place, but it was opened over a year ago.
  
    Age: 28 Height: 5’4” Weight: 160 Gender: Female No current meds Non-smoker No past/current medical issues

Article: M21 215 6,4
  
    It looks like athletes foot almost.
  
    Can anyone please tell me what this is ? I really would like to know what is causing this, as it’s now began to affect my toenails it’s been over a decade like this

Article: Hi, I'm a college student (19m), and my meals throughout the day are fairly scattered, as I usually just eat when I feel hungry. Recently, however, I found that I just can't stop snacking, especially when I'm studying. Even after I just ate a meal, I still have an insatiable want to eat snack foods. The feeling tends to increase as it gets later in the night, and I often end up eating before bed. I have pretty good metabolism, and my weight usually stays around 140lbs. Is this what they're referring to when they say Freshman 15?

Article: I 25F recently went to an urgent care after my resting HR spiked to 125 while on Vyvanse 10mg and Guanfacine 0.5mg BID. They ran an EKG on me and came back with 1st degree AVB. Was given 25mg metoprolol tartrate in clinic which brought my HR down to ~70 about 30 minutes later. All good, sent me on my way with a 25mg metoprolol succinate Rx.
  
    I let my psych know of the situation and he advised me to stop the guanfacine and vyvanse until I follow up with my PCP (appt is on Thurs).
  
    So I haven't taken those meds for four-ish days now. But I've been continuing my metoprolol.
  
    Here's where I'm a bit confused and unsure of what's going on. When I was still on the guanfacine/vyvanse combo, my HR would spike to 125ish throughout the day, but by the end of the day when I'm in bed, it would be back down to ~80. However, now that I haven't been on it, my HR seems to be high with no reason. I've been laying in bed for the last few hours and my resting HR is 103. Throughout the day, it's more or less between 95-120 between walking and resting. My BP is still under 120/80 so that portion has been fine, but it's my pulse that's ridiculously higher than it needs to be.
  
    I don't know why my HR without the stimulant is higher than my HR with them at night. In the mornings when I first wake up, it's around 75-85 but the second I sit up, it's 95+. My heart rate has been so inconsistent. I don't have any CP or SOB. I don't feel palpitations even though it's currently at 103 right now, though there is palpitation if I put in enough effort to walk up or down the stairs.
  
    I wonder if it could be some sort of med rebounding? I've been on meds for only 4 months so I wouldn't expect the rebound to be much of a significance. Also, I'm taking beta blocker still but it doesn't seem to work
  
    medHx ADHD, no smoking or drinking. Only med I'm taking right now is metoprolol succinate 25mg daily
  
    edit: just want to add on that my pulse jumps even higher even after a meal, as expected. but i noticed its been going up to like 110-115 after eating. i eat perfectly fine with plenty of protein and vegetables, and i drink probably more than enough water. my resting pulse before starting ADHD meds would typically be in the 75-85

Article: I'm a 33 year old male. No pre-existing medical conditions and I don't take any meds aside from tylenol here and there. I do wear ear plugs to sleep as I'm easily awakened but that's the only thing that ever goes inside my ear. I did have some irritation of my left ear canal for a few days last week but that has since subsided. My hearing is very slightly muffled on the left side tje past day or so. I thought maybe it was from ear wax, but when I looked in with an otoscope I saw an abnormality in my ear drum. I'm wondering if anyone can tell me what it might be and if I ought to rush an ent appointment to address it. Picture in comments.

Article: Hello. I (21m) was playing ball hockey and got a slap shot right in my nose and lip and it hurts really bad to move my nose especially my septum. Should I go to the doctors or no? My doctor is currently away for the month so it would be urgent care visit. Thanks

Article: Hey all, I’m just hoping to get some insight.
  
    My mom is 55 years old, 5’4, and about 140 pounds, I’m not sure what medication she is on, she is on a lot I think…
  
    So a couple years ago my mom was diagnosed with MS. It started as constant migraines and she was initially diagnosed with chronic migraines actually, about 10 year ago.
  
    the doctors then realized that she has so many lesions in her brain that if it was MS she should be in a wheel chair in the very least. But my mom is up and walking, totally fine. Only symptoms she seems to have it migraines, slight vision problem, virtigo, and fatigue. She has good days and bad days, but overall if you talked to her as a stranger you wouldn’t know she has MS.
  
    So because of this strange phenomenon, the doctors weren’t sure she actually had MS.
  
    But now they ARE sure it is MS, they are just astonished at the fact she isn’t experiencing worse symptoms for the fact that she has so many lesions in her brain.
  
    She is getting lots of tests so they can figure out exactly why she isn’t suffering more than she is.
  
    She’s getting serious medicine to slow down the progression of the MS soon.
  
    Im wondering if any doctors or someone has experienced this too, and what the outcome was if anything? I would be so heartbroken for her to just suddenly be in such bad shape one day, is it just a matter of time?

Article: I went for a run last night and had some left sided chest pain it only started later in the run like I was fine for the first half a mile I run occasionally and have had this pain before but not every run though I also don't always run to the same intensity. I'm resting now and have a lingering sorness not a pain but a sorness it didn't feel like a squeezing or a pressure during the run just a pain. I do other excersices like occasional planks push-ups and jumping  jack's and have recently got into daily weight lifting and no pain nor when say going up stairs or other physical activity only when running and like I said not on every run only my more high intensity runs. I talked to my doctor once about it but she just took a chest x ray listened to my heart and concluded muscle strain. I would say my risk is low moderate I am 22 133 pounds and active but my whole life I have had a poor diet but have been working on improving it recently. I image you will say get checked but I am paranoid about artery disease  also I have always had good physicals at my doctor and good blood pressure. My BP was checked recently at the dentist and it was healthy as always.

Article: Male 40’s Known issues - pulmonary sarcoidosis (in remission) no symptoms from it. HBP - controlled Meds - lisinipril 20MG x2 a day Amolodipine 5mg x1 a day Zofran 4MG as needed
  
    Okay so I’ll break this down as simple and to the point as possible to. Please help if you have ideas, I’m out of things to try and quality of health living off zofran is not ideal. Any direction, more tests anything I can do would be helpful.
  
    Illness: Current persistent daily NAUSEA
  
    So quick back story, 6 months ago I developed a sudden right eye scotoma, that was checked by 2 ophthalmologist & a nero ophthalmologist. The work up for that was eye exams & they did do a brain MRI & CTA Head/Neck both w/wo contrast.
  
    All normal exept on MRI they seen “Chronic Change: Scattered punctate foci of increased T2 and FLAIR signal  are noted in the supratentorial white matter which is a nonspecific finding and may represent the subtle sequelae of a remote insult”
  
    Now as I’m getting the work up for the eye scotoma I start to notice daily nausea. I get an ultrasound and they find sludge in my gallbladder, 1 month later it is removed.
  
    2 months after removal it didn’t relieve my nausea, they do a CT scan of ABD/PELVIS all normal besides fatty liver & “Lymph nodes: Few prominent periportal nodes up to 1.6 cm short axis  (3:49), not significantly changed since 2020 and likely reactive.
  
    Also had a EGD - only thing noted on that is  Stomach, biopsy:
  


    Reactive gastropathy.
  


    No morphologic evidence of Helicobacter pylori organisms.”
  


    I had a Stress test to check heart - normal with LV function 56%
  
    Then I had a fibroscan to check liver it was 9.2KPA with 315 CAP for nafld.
  
    I’ve had a ton of blood work (all normal) CMP CBC + Diff Pt/inr NT pro bmp
  
    One last thing to note there is a spot that is on my face right cheek that keeps going (numb?) very small spot I can still feel it when I touch but feels like a cold tingle sensation.
  
    So the 3 symptoms I have is daily nausea, right eye scotoma & reoccurring spot on face that goes numb. It’s not daily for the face spot. The scotoma hasn’t went away in 6 months although I barely notice it anymore, I think my brain blocks it, but I can still see it on a amsler grid. Also to note I am NOT sure if these are all separate symptoms or all from the same disease process.
  
    Also I trialed a PPI with no help after 2 months. Also to mention I did foodmap diet to see if it was something I was eating. That didn’t help. Also lastly there is no known trigger for this, can be in morning, evening, without eating, with eating. I can not link it to anything specific :/
  
    If any of you wonderful Drs could please help me in a direction in anyway to keep going on this work up I would be so grateful. I have researched as much as possible to find solutions.
  
    Thank you so much for taking time to read and spend your own personal time to think about a internet stranger.
  
    If you have any other questions please do ask!

Article: I 28 Female 2 nights ago I stepped on a bee and the pain was absolutely terrible. It was fine all of yesterday and only the tiniest bit sore. This morning I woke up and felt like I’d be stung all over again. The bottom of my foot is slightly red and where I was stung a huge area of it hurts so bad and just feels strange. It hurts to move in the slightest and I can’t put a shoe on and absolutely cannot put any pressure on it let alone walk.
  
    I have no other symptoms and I don’t even know if the sting is still in my foot, but if it is I can’t see it/ get it. I’ve been applying a cold washer and cream on it. Im starting to get worried as I have work tomorrow and I work for myself doing a physical job. I can’t afford to lose anymore work right now.

Article: The pain is usually focused on the sides, underside, and tip of my tongue. My lips and cheeks are also irritated and feel “raw.”
  
    When this first started a couple years back, doc thought it was thrush. Nystatin and fluconazole helped. On this latest round of symptoms, those same med did not help. It’s now been 3 weeks of pain. Makes talking, eating, and just existing hard 😩
  
    Last week, I got some tiny sores in the affected area (see pic in comments). They went away after a day.
  
    Current doc referred me to an ENT, but I’m worried he’ll just look at my tongue and say it looks normal (which it does).
  
    Thoughts on what it might be?
  
    My hunch is that I’m carrying some sort of virus, and this is how my body detoxes. Could be way off...
  
    Current meds: Sertraline 400mg/day. OTC probiotic and vitamins. Occasional ionic zinc. Healthy diet and great oral hygiene. No smoking or alcohol.

Article: 26, female woke up with my hands being tingling/numb. On both hands my hands were tingling on my pinky, my finger fingers, the back of my hand near the thumb and up my wrist/forearm. Usually the feeling goes away after 5-10 mins but it’s still here. Should I be worried? Also, is there anything I can do to help it right now?

Article: Male, Asian, 17 years old, 5'7", 144 lbs.  somebody sat on the side of my head during a little messing around and I think it was either he put his full weight on me or another guy sat on him as he saw me pinned. It was a sharp jolt of pain that only lasted a couple of seconds. No blood or cognitive symptoms but I was wondering if brain damage is possible?

Article: I am 16, 5ft 10in, weigh 175 don’t smoke and on no meds. My problem is that I have tried jerking off before but can’t Finish, like I am hard but just can’t. And I know I can cum because of wet dreams. I need to know if this is somewhat normal or I have a ED.

Article: My (36 f, no medications,5'5, 145 lbs) eyelid starting annoyingly twitching sometime this summer but has been happening way less frequently. This week I'm visiting my family up north(ive been in florida the last 3 years). And 2 days into my trip my eyelid (always the left) will not stop twitching!! As in its happening a few times every minute and it's the most annoying thing ever! My skin hates it up here the cold outsidr and the heat inside just dry me up, I use face oil that ive had to do 10 times a day pretty much instead of twice. I'm so glad I moved. But what is happening to my eye?? The only other difference is that I poop less frequently from the travel/change in morning habits. And eat a little bit more processed foods than I do at home(at home I eat something processed like once a month, I make all my food from scratch, all organic, sprouted vegan, gluten and soy free.) I've been eating lots of (still vegan/gf/sf) popcorn, some chips, a pea based pasta and coconut yogurts so more processed than my regular life... don't tell me that can make my eye twitch?!?!  Oh and started eating some zinc, elderberry gummies (gardenoflife--mykind no added sugar etc.)since everyone around me is sick. Do I have a brain tumor? Better yet how do I make this stop?!

Article: hello, i (21F) am deficient in Vitamin D (4.83 ng/ml), i am having severe pinching pain in my right biceps which seems to some sort of nerve pain which makes my arm weak and numb also causing involuntary movements.
  
    i occasionally have such nerve pain in arms or legs but nothing very severe, but this is something which took my attention.
  
    is this something to be concerned about?
  
    additional information: i have sneezing attacks on a daily basis but no allergies have been found in my blood tests.
  
    IGE - 41.9 mg/dl
  
    A.E.C - 291
  
    Lymph% - 40.3

Article: 20M, 182cm/5'11", 86kg/190lbs, white. Currently living in Vancouver, Canada, originally from the Netherlands.I don't do drugs/smoke, I drink (very lightly: 1/2 beers) every 2/3 weeks. I'm very physically active and go to the gym multiple times a week, do BJJ multiple times a week, and do running 1/2 times a week.
  
    Problem:I have some peeling skin on the bottom of my left foot. My feet are quite dry and this occurs every half a year I would say. It doesn't hurt or itch and there is never any redness. Do I have a fungal infection or is it something else? I'm asking because I'm not supposed to come to practice with an infection (obviously.)
  
    I have no other medical problems right now. I am on medication for my allergies (desloratadine, 1 tablet/day.)  I am allergic to dust mites and pollen. I have no history of fungal infections etc as far as I know. Nor does anyone in my family.
  
    I would greatly appreciate if one of you could look at my picture and determine whether I need to see a doctor in person. I greatly appreciate the work you do so irregardless of whether you answer or not, thank you a lot.
  
    Picture of the bottom of my foot:https://imgur.com/a/mxKoh0D

Article: I 29M barely remember my childhood, but I had this very vivid memory of something horrible happening, but I can't tell if it was real or just some random shit my brain made up, and I have no way of confirming if it really happened. Would talking to some sort of professional or doctor be able to confirm if it was real?

Article: Male, 22y/o, 180lbs, 5ft 6in, non-smoker, post epileptic, have erythromelalgia. A few years ago I worked at a quick lube, long story short I never knew (until recently) how to remove a stripped drain plug. So, I would use vice grips and squeeze them EXTREMELY hard in order to remove them successfully with the help of a wrench. The last time I did that, and the vice grips collapsed, I got this horrible shock-like feeling through my arm. After a night of ice and rest, I couldn't extend my forearm without it feeling like it was on fire or my something was being ripped out of my arm. I went to my chiropractor who had me convinced it was nerve pain. After 3 or so months the sensation went away and I didn't think about until my forearm and hand started throbbing at random times. It would almost take me to the ground. If I rub my finger nail along my tendons on the inside of my arm, I get a tingly/warm/shocking sensation the starts at the wrist crease and goes through my thenar to finger area. My girlfriend was rubbing my forearm and noticed that my extensor digitorum communis (and or extensor carpi ulnaris) is extremely tense compared to my other forearm. Could this be nerve damage? Muscle damage that is causing nerve compression? I'm not a doctor by any means and I hope the provide information is useful. Thank you!

Article: Age - 36
  
    Sex Female
  
    Height 5’2
  
    Weight 107
  
    Race white
  
    Duration of complaint 3 days
  
    Location - head
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues - Anxiety Disorder
  
    Current medications - Vitamin D supplement
  
    On Thursday I had what felt like a pressure headache across my forehead, pain in my eyebrow. It almost felt like maybe my sinuses were inflamed and dry. Nose felt congested but no discharge. I took a Sudafed hoping to relieve the sinus pressure at around 6pm and by 9pm I had a really dry mouth, mostly felt on my tongue. I thought maybe this was due to either dehydration (I’m terrible at drinking water) or a side effect of the Sudafed (even though I’ve taken before no issues.) I drank plenty of water and an electrolyte supplement to try and make it better. Went to bed and woke up with the same dry mouth. This continued Friday and Saturday with brief period of feeling like it may be going away, only to return when I thought about it. I’ve tried gum which helped and a mouth moisturizer gel which didn’t do much. My sinuses continue to feel dry and inflamed with the pressure in my forehead. I have drank plenty of water but I’m wondering is this something that could be anxiety driven at this point or maybe a sinus issue? I would assume the Sudafed has worn off. I have issues hyper focusing on body pains in the past and have had really bad anxiety lately. Google has led me down a terrible rabbit hole of the only reason you could have dry mouth is if you have an autoimmune disorder. Just checking to see if this can happen from other causes.

Article: Im a 17 year old male that’s 5’4-5’5 w/shoes. My parents are 5’5 (mom) and 6’1 (father).
  
    I’ve been doing everything for years now: 7-9 hours of sleep, daily exercises and stretching, I plan my fist with meats,milk and fruits and vegetables,avoiding any fast food.
  
    Because my father is tall, I’ve head things like “you’ll catch up eventually”, “over the summer you’ll grow”, “your just a late bloomer”,but I never had any drastic changes.
  
    Theres many reason why I hate being short but the two main reason I can get over it are followed:
  


    I have no self confidence.To a point that it  drastically limits how social I am. For example, whenever I’m with people I will avoid speaking around them especially if they’re people I don’t want to be by. I will imagine them laughing or talking about me,and I will get embarrassed even if it’s not about me.
  


    I have a younger brother who’s taller then me, and he never lets me forget about it. I also have another younger brother that’s catching up to me.
  


    When I was 15 I found out that I was low on testosterone,not by a lot,but by enough to have to get permission to get shots to help with it. I was excited to get shot every months for 5-7ish months because I thought testosterone = growth (I was around 5’1 probably helped slightly)
  
    Also around that same time  I’m I found that my bone age was 12 yrs old while I was 15 yrs old what was something I didn’t know what possible.
  
    So my questions are: •does anyone have cases where their bone age was less then their actual age? If so,what happened? •How do you gain confidence while being below average, height wise? •What are the chances that I’m not done with puberty (I could be classified as a late bloomer technically I didn’t hit puberty till 15-16 yrs),and could still have a grown spurt? •Do subliminals or pituitary gland meditation work?
  
    Please ask any questions regarding the information. Thanks for reading.

Article: I'm a 20 year old male, I've been having very healthy ejaculations up to today, a few minutes ago I ejaculated a transparent liquid out of nowhere. This is the first time this has happened to me. Should I be worried? I do not seem to experience any sort of swelling or pain

Article: I have some level of medical anxiety due to some not so great interactions over the years, so I'm prone to delaying care or writing off symptoms as normal to avoid similar situations. Medical history is presented first with question at the end.
  
    April 2021 I began having upper right quadrant pain that I couldn't identify, but it was unfamiliar, full, persisted for hours at a time, and hard to ignore. It began during Passover, so my diet had changed drastically and I first attributed it to constipation or something else temporary. After a few months I had an "ah ha" moment and checked to see where my gallbladder was.
  
    I got in to see my GI doctor (who I had initially seen after a terrible bout of infectious colitis in 2017), and she ordered an MRI because I also needed a follow-up scan for some lesions that were spotted in my liver on the CT scan I had for the colitis. The new MRI showed one large stone, but no signs of inflammation of the gallbladder itself. The lesions had stayed relatively stable. She also ordered an endoscopy to check for ulcers and found intestinal metaplasia which was not detected on a follow up endoscopy several months later.
  
    I did my best to follow a low fat diet, but would still occasionally have bouts of this pain. April 2022 my brother fell seriously ill with EBV and developed transverse myelitis as a complication, losing feeling and use of limbs from the bottom of his ribcage. I traveled to help watch my nephew while he was in the hospital and while he and my SIL navigated rehab. During this time I was a little less mindful about eating.
  
    Within a few weeks of returning home I presented to the ER when the pain was bad enough to prevent me from sleeping and was spreading to my back. I improved on my own in the waiting room and after waiting for the doctor, but bedside ultrasound did reveal a 1.3 cm stone (the earlier MRI just identified a stone in the gallbladder neck, but didn't list a size). I got referred to a surgeon who initially told me I could plan for surgery in January 2023 during a digital consultation, but during the in person visit he decided he wanted more follow-up on the lesions before committing to a cholecystectomy since he wasn't convinced my pain was definitely originating in my gallbladder.
  
    I've been having more episodes since then and just want to be over it. I'm tired of being sent from one specialist to the next. Every time I make a new appointment I think I'm finally going to have a solution and then nothing materializes. Would it be weird, or even possible, to be electively admitted to have all of these issues fully explored and treated appropriately? If I continue at my current rate of an appointment here and there as my tolerance (for either the pain I'm in or for being shuffled to more tests and doctors) allows, it's gonna be another 3 years before I maybe get relief. And maybe that's just what I've got to do, but I really don't want to have to deal with the anxiety of scheduling and attending half a dozen more appointments on top of it.
  
    Thanks for taking the time to read all of this and for any advice you have to offer.

Article: We don't believe this is a serious issue, because she honestly rarely drinks, but it is such a specific reaction under specific circumstances that we're curious.
  
    Anytime my GF (30F ~120ibs) has a few drinks (beer, wine coolers, wine, liquor, mixed drinks, any of them), and she crosses the threshold to get buzzed or more, and then she stops drinking, she starts to get a pain radiating pain coming from her mid back and spreads throughout her body, to where it feels all encompassing. It isn't excruciating, but it is still painful and uncomfortable.
  
    She says it lasts for 10-15 mins, and subsides. She normally needs to lay down to let the pain pass, and it does.
  
    She describes it as if her body is angry that she stopped drinking and causes her pain in retaliation. But if she keeps drinking, even slowly, that pain doesn't come until she has stopped drinking. Then it comes to her within 10mins of that stopping point, no matter how buzzed/drunk she feels. She can avoid that feeling by only having one or two drinks of something, and not feeling the effects yet.
  
    I don't know if it's related but her father is a lifelong alcoholic. So maybe some genetic disposition? No clue.
  
    Again, it isn't a huge deal as she drinks occasionally (at most 1-2 times a month, if that). But we're just curious if there is a reason anyone knows of.
  
    Any thoughts or advice is welcome!

Article: Female. Age 22. I really hate getting these. I often gargle warm salt & water & chew garlic to knock it out but I dont have any garlic & my body is aching to even feel like getting salt & water (in other words im just feeling lazy when im sick) I was always told that sucking on candies can help my throat. But online, it always says to avoid sugars. So im just very confused if I should suck on some candy. I have a tootsie roll lollipop and some hardened caramel candies on my bedside. Will it worsen my throat??

Article: May I know what these mean?
  
    • CHOLECYSTOLITHIASES WITHOUT ACUTE INFLAMMATION
  
    • NORMAL-SIZED PROSTATE GLAND WITH HETEROGENEOUS PARENCHYMA, WHICH IS EARLY FOR PATIENT'S AGE
  
    Thanks in advance!

Article: I had sinus surgery under general anesthesia Friday afternoon. Last night my eyes/eyelids became so dry and irritated they hurt worse than my sinuses and nose. Ive gone through several bottles of gel and lubricant eye drops which burns at every use and if I take a nap my eyelashes end up stuck together. What on earth is going on? I dunno if something was used on eyes during? I'm extremely allergic to aloe and it's biproducts, which I told them about... I just dunno what to do Gender:Male Age:27 Weight 230 Height 6'5” Medication:none that the surgerion doesnt know of or gave me

Article: I used to smoke off and on in my 20's. I am now 40 and have not smoked in just over 10 years. I recently went to get a CT scan with contrast to check out my hernia mesh repair in my pelvis. During this check they found a 9mm lung nodule in my lower right lung. Looking back at other scans they said that in 2018 it was around 2mm, and now it's 9mm. That gives it a volume doubling time of around 900 days. In one description of the nodule the MD noted
  
    "The lesion abuts the diaphragm and is without an adjacent airway.  The location, appearance and patient history put this at low risk for malignancy however  based on 5 years of slow interval growth recommend follow up imaging.  Would recommend LDCT now to assess for any other lung nodules to see if this lesion is part of multifocal process.  If this lesion is isolated would repeat in 3 months to assess for interval change in the nodule. "
  
    I spoke to a thoracic surgeon and she told me that it does not look like cancer and she does not think it's cancer but still needs a full chest CT scan. She said that where it is located that they can not biopsy it so she said that they will just "snip it out". Her notes in the system said.
  
    "Lesion is smooth, well circumscribed and solid. Given slow progression and pt young age, the likelihood that this is lung cancer is fairly low. I explained this to the pt but we need a full actual chest CT. He is very concerned but understands."
  
    Given the above information. How likely would it be that there are more nodules in my upper lungs? If the LDCT shows this is the only nodule, next step is PFT and then removing the nodule just to be sure. What are your thoughts on this, and how concerned should I be about this? I can't eat or sleep since I found out about my nodule. I have three kids and a wife. I know it was stupid to smoke in my 20's and that's primarily why I quit, because I realized how unhealthy it was.
  
    Thank you for any help or opinions.

Article: Info:Male Age:18Height 6”1’ weight: 80kg Hi thoughts on if I should get my pinky checked out. I can’t straighten in fully I can bend about halfway down to my hand. When I first got the injury (10 days ago) it was swollen from the knuckle to the finger joint thing but now it is just swollen from past the knuckle to the first joint. All google says is either leave it or go to a surgeon and I obviously don’t want to go to a surgeon for a pinky injury. And it’s only painful when I forcefully bend it and when I stub it on something. Thank you so much if you comment I really appreciate it.

Article: Info: 18 FtM, been on testosterone for 3 years, 236 lbs, 5'10. Diagnosed with depression and anxiety. Medications: topical testosterone, Xanax, fluvoxamine, birth control, hydroxyzine. Stopped Ativan recently (three weeks ago?) in favor of Xanax.
  
    About four or five days ago, I lost my appetite almost entirely. I can sense that I'm hungry and I can feel that my blood sugar is low, but any attempt to eat is mostly futile. I can take slow bites, but I feel nauseous trying to eat, and most foods feel like they turn to dirt in my mouth. This is very out of character for me because I'm always the type to finish dinner quickly, clean my plate, and even binge eat on occassion (as is clear by my weight).
  
    I wasn't worried at first, because my appetite comes and goes, but it's been lasting a bit longer than usual and I am concerned. This has happened once before, during the week of a theatre production I was working sound for (so I thought it was anxiety related), and I literally could not eat anything. We went to a cast dinner and I ate maybe one chicken wing at my friend's insistence. So I thought this was also related to anxiety, but I was unmedicated then, and I'm medicated now, and I also don't have anything major like that going on.
  
    Last night, I made chicken skewers with rice, and I was able to eat that after really just picking at stuff all day (chicken and vegetables mostly, the rice was hard to stomach). But it was the only actual thing I ate, and by the time I woke up, I felt extremely sick. I warmed up a bread roll and had a moment where my vision started to...fade, and turn to static (?) - it used to happen to me all the time in middle school, but not really since. I don't know how to describe it exactly. I ate the roll over the course of like...20-25 minutes, and couldn't even finish the last bite. I went to work still feeling nauseous. At work, I started shaking while making drinks, and making very clumsy movements, so I managed to get a small amount of a protein shake down, along with some sort of banana/strawberry puree thing for little kids, which felt like the only thing I could stomach at the time.
  
    The only thing I can chalk it up to would be my anxiety or depression, but again, I am medicated and I really haven't been feeling particularly down or anxious at all recently. Nothing in my life has happened that could be related - no major life events or anything, I've just been working, sleeping, going for walks, and hanging out, on a loop - so if it is anxiety, I have genuinely no idea why.
  
    No vomiting, diarrhea, or fever, either, so I don't think it's a stomach bug. Any nausea has been clearly related to low blood sugar.
  
    Is this enough cause for concern to bring up to my doctor, or should I just wait for it to pass? I think her soonest appointments aren't until February :/ Any advice about whether or not this IS serious or what it might be related to would be greatly appreciated, as Google is not being particularly helpful and I'd rather hear from a professional anyway.

Article: M18, 6’1, 125 lbs, no health issues. I noticed these weird rash like areas that don’t itch or hurt at all yesterday/earlier today. It’s been a lazy week I’ve been in the house all the past week and I haven’t take a shower in a little bit until today. I don’t have a fever but I do feel a bit warm and sick with a dry throat not sure if that relates at all. I’m thinking if anything it might be ringworm?
  
    Rash(?) pic: (https://imgur.com/a/eBlHG9K)
  
    EDIT: I also do not have any allergies

Article: Some Questions:
  
    Why is MRI not the preferred imaging study for ruling out aortic tear/dissection?
  
    Is contrast a necessary piece for detecting aortic defects, tears, dissection, etc?
  
    What differs between chest MRI vs MRA in this setting?
  
    Age - Any
  
    Sex - Any
  
    Height - Average
  
    Weight - Average
  
    Race - undefined
  
    Duration of complaint - not specific to this set of questions
  
    Location - Chest/Heart
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues - broad questions
  
    Current medications - irrelevant

Article: I am writing this on behalf of my mom 55f. She takes HBP and Thyroid meds. In Aug of 2001 she donated a kidney to her sister everything went well and they are both doing good. However, for the last couple of years my mom has been experiencing discomfort in the incision area and it gets very noticeably swollen. This issue came and went and she would be able to ignore it. About 6 months ago she mentioned this to her pcp to which her pcp said she has a hernia and was told it would be more of an inconvenience to her [my mom] to remove it. The last 3 months or so the discomfort has gotten progressively worse and last week she decided to go to the er because the discomfort was causing her nausea. The doctor after doing an ultrasound and CT confirmed that it was a hernia and they would refer her to a surgeon but in the meantime she needs to follow up with her pcp. Her pcp didn’t have anything til February and was able to get in with someone else on Dec 14. 2 days after she went to the ER she felt a lot of itchiness near the incision sight and told me her numbness has now gone from the beginning of the incision towards the bottom of her belly button. She has this rash and says it is starting to feel a burning sensation but she’s not sure if it’s because she’s scratching a lot. I need to know if we could possibly get some answers as to what might be happening since her appointment is a month away.

Article: Hi I’m Erin 21F, I’ve been dealing with autoimmune systems and finally got to a Rhue but came out being told he doesn’t know and try other drs. He ruled out rheumatoid arthritis by just looking at me even with family history of it refusing to test and only did a vitamin/regular work up with std and celiac disease tests; i’m negative for stds for years now and the celiac was negative too. I feel like a low Vitamin E, with low WBC and high absolute neutrophils have to mean something, but he didn’t even tell me about them, I found them flagged on my patient portal. If anyone has an idea I would GREATLY appreciate it🤞🏻💗. (Hes also the only Rhue in network so I have no other options)

Article: So I had used a needle, but accidentally used it improperly, and as a result, this happened in the images.  The ER said it was Cellulitis, but I’m not certain it is that, but maybe it is.  I’ve been in antibiotics for 7 days now, and although I guess it got some better, the pain still hasn’t gone away, and there is still a firm lump in my upper right thigh.  It seems also that it possibly has moved all into one area instead of being spread out in the whole thigh area.  The main symptoms are inability to walk properly, and obviously leg pain.  I’d really rather not go see the doctor again unless I have to bc I’m trying diy remedies for now like oils, Advil, compress, and elevation.https://ibb.co/dLtkzw6 https://ibb.co/K6NTnn0 https://ibb.co/z8ss3Gk https://ibb.co/sshqCnr

    So should I not do this and see a doctor or what?? Also does it even look like cellulitis?? It’s not red in any way. There’s just a lump there.  Stiff and hurts.
  
    Age: 21 Gender: non binary(male at birth) Alcohol/Smoking status: none Medications: too many to list(personal). Amoxicillin & doxycycline for leg pain Weight: 180lbs Height: 5,7

Article: 30F, 125lbs, 5ft1in - Levothyroxine for Hashimotos (controlled currently). Definitely not pregnant (hysterectomy 6 months ago).
  
    Is this something I should be worried about?
  
    5 days ago I had a migraine that lasted two days (this is an ongoing problem I'm being evaluated for but neuro appt isn't until 11/30).
  
    3 days ago I began having strong pressure in upper, back, right side of my head. Like there was something pushing outward from inside my skull. It's not incredibly painful but it's also not great. I am struggling with sleeping at this point because it's so prominent... but today it's only when I lie down. Before it was worse upon lying down and today I thought it had gone away (it migrated across the back of my head and down my left arm, that aches quite a bit but I took a bath and felt better) but now that I'm lying down it hurts again.
  
    On top of this my blood pressure is strangely low, for me, currently 97/60. Which has made me kind of dizzy.
  
    Is this something that can wait until my neuro appointment? I've got a litter of kiddos to tend to and really hate wasting time in an ER. Thank you for any help.

Article: Age - 25
  
    Sex - Female
  
    Height - 165cm
  
    Weight - 54kg
  
    Race - Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint - 2 weeks
  
    Location - Europe
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues - I have a small disc herniation on my lower back and had a nerve blocker for it, also lordosis.
  
    Current medications - YAZ contraceptive pills
  
    In extreme pain right now and I seriously don’t know how to deal with it.
  
    I have severe pain in my jaw and gums on the left side. Thought I had something wrong with my teeth, went to two different dentists both said it’s not the teeth and even made a night cap IF I grind my teeth which doesn’t look like the problem, cause the cap is not helping.
  
    Went to a neurologist and said I had to make an usg for my jaw. Did that and they found nothing, just that my jaw disc cracked a bit from the tension, but nothing serious.
  
    Next is rheumatologist to check if it could be arthritis, cause it runs in the family, but no one has had it this young.
  
    I have my family doctor in two days, but until then I can’t do anything, but drink tons of ibuprofen (I have no choice, but to drink 4 - 5 400mg tablets in a 24h span) and even that is starting to not work.
  
    What could this be?? Could it be because of my back problems? My last thing that I could think of that could help is a physiotherapist.
  
    Can’t handle the pain anymore, but also don’t want to take stronger painmeds.

Article: Hi All,
  
    Grandmother (87, female, approx. 5 ft, 50kg, non-smoker, meds: low dose aspirin, atorvastatin, betmiga, burinex, eplerone, ventalin (as required), another inhaler I can not remember the name of, and 1.5 litres/min oxygen, diagnosis: COPD, left ventricular hypertrophy, pulmonary hypertension, and bladder incontinence) was recently was discharged from hospital after 3 weeks due to pulmonary edema. She was treated with antibiotics but I didn’t manage to determine which ones.
  
    During her stay, she developed delirium (she showed no signs of dementia etc. prior to admission) and while there are many out of the ordinary behaviours we are getting used to, the one I'm concerned with is that she only butters and eats the right side of her toast which she has every day for breakfast. This is not a behaviour she ever showed previously.
  
    NAD or in anyway medically trained but this asymmetric behaviour concerns me. Is this consistent with delirium? If not, what are your thoughts? I have arranged an appointment with her GP for next Thursday but would like to kn this something more urgent.
  
    Btw: there are no other asymmetries e.g. muscle weakness, facial drooping, speech impairment etc. Her delirium presents mainly as confusion, inability to process thoughts logically, anger and frustration beyond her typical emotions, reduced interests, and higher need for intimate care.

Article: hi, if anyone can possibly help me i'd greatly appreciate it.
  
    so a few days ago i fell asleep. i guess i was half laying on my hand a bit. my pinky was completely numb then it "woke up" a little. except the very top of my pinky still felt "asleep" it's been about 5 days now and the very tip still feels numb and when i touch it, it tingles. i didn't think too much of it and shrugged it off these past few days.
  
    this morning i woke up from sleeping for about 3 hours, not even. and my right hand was completely asleep and numb. was basically limp. i couldn't move it barely at all. i would try and grab something but couldn't even do that. it's been about 12 hours now and it's definitely better than it was. but it's still no where near normal. my fine motor skills aren't all the way there. i am able to type this however so it's not as bad as it was. i find it hard to stretch all my fingers and hold my hand completely straight. it seems as if my hand wants to curl up into a fist. when i put it in a fist, it doesn't resist at all like it does if i try to stretch all my fingers straight.
  
    does anyone have any idea on what is going on and what i should do? i do have insurance however i don't have a primary doctor right now. i just never ended up finding one when i switched insurances awhile ago. not sure what type of doctor specializes in hands or nerves or if i need any sort of referral to see one.
  
    does this sound like just a odd case of your hand "falling asleep" or could is be a symptom of something more serious? especially due to how days ago the tip of my pinky went numb?
  
    i am a 27yr old female. 5'9. 150lbs. no known health issues. and relatively healthy i would assume.
  
    thanks in advance!

Article: Age 28
  
    Female
  
    5’6”
  
    175lbs
  
    Medication 50mg metoprolol daily
  


    reason: arrhythmia about 7 years ago/anxiety
  


    I’ve had tests done in the past on my heart and everything looked perfect for the most part. Had Viral pericarditis at one point, but was treated. Had scans done, ekg with like one PVC, and plently of echos done.
  
    Durations: 8ish days
  
    Chest/heart “thuds” or “flop” feeling
  
    I’ve been experiencing this skipping a beat feeling in my chest for the last 8 days. It feels like a skipped beat and happens maybe 3-10 times in a row at the time it happens.
  
    Is this normal for medium stress levels? I feel like I’m just fixated on it which is causing it to be worse, but I just need to know if it’s normal to happen this often/times in a day.

Article: Suddenly Tons of Canker Sores
  
    About two and a half weeks ago I came down with a little cold. It lasted around a week but I still have a slight cough that won’t go away. This is all kinda fine and par for the course. But, a few days ago, like maybe 4, I suddenly started getting a bunch of canker sores on my tongue. Like, I want to say 6-8. They make it hard to eat anything remotely sweet or spicy. It’s also been pretty dry out and I’ve been a little stressed.
  
    I just want to make sure this isn’t something to be concerned about. Like if I should go to the doctor or if this a somewhat normal thing that happens. I’ve never gotten more than one so it feels crazy to break out in a bunch all at once

Article: I (F26) spent the early part of last year trying to figure out why I’m so tired all the time.
  
    I have always been a sleepy/tired person, but I always assumed that after I graduated college and was able to regulate my own schedule a bit more that it would go away. Oddly enough, it seems to have gotten worse.
  
    After lockdown I realized that no matter how much or how little sleep I got I still felt physically and mentally drained. I’ll have maybe enough energy for one big task a day that lasts maybe an hour or two before I feel like I have to lay down. It can be something as simple as cleaning around the house or even organizing a bunch of emails or writing.
  
    I get brain fog, and my body feels the same way it felt when I would get home from high school and after school activities. I honestly don’t know how I survived high school because I know I definitely couldn’t maintain that schedule now.
  
    I have always had trouble waking up in the morning for school and stuff. It was a little better in college because my earliest classes were 9-10 am vs having to get up at 5-6 am for high school. I would regularly sleep through alarms and felt like I couldn’t physically will my body to get up/wake up. Oddly enough, I have trouble falling asleep at night. Even back then. This was a problem well before I had a cellphone or any kind of game to keep me up, and I wasn’t a flashlight late night reader.
  
    So health history: I have been medicated for ADHD since 5th grade. I still am. I began anxiety medication and depression medication in 2015.
  
    I get dizzy and sometimes black out when I stand up too fast. I assumed this was a side effect of my meds, but I took a one or two year break from them and it was still something that occurred.
  
    My iron levels are fine. I eat a lot of very salty stuff and still have low sodium. I was flagged for a possible immune issue, but the follow up tests didn’t show anything.
  
    I have achy joints and it is worse in the cold. My fingers knees, toes and nose all get SO cold and show up the same or colder than the air around me on thermal imaging. My knees fingers and toes will go purple/blue even just in an air conditioned room.
  
    I had my thyroid levels tested, and they were fine. I get headaches, sinus pain, and jaw pain (TMJ stuff). I am low on vitamin D and have supplements for it, but I didn’t notice any changes after taking them tbh.
  
    I can’t think of anything else, but if I do I will add it.
  
    I just don’t know what it could be and my dr insinuated that she doesn’t know what to test for next. If there is a possible solution I want to know, and if there isn’t, I would still like to know what’s wrong with me.

Article: Hi, this is a family member's results and they're concerned and haven't found much via Google. On and off respiratory issues for months, including multiple bouts of strep and antibiotics. Six weeks ago strep again and antibiotics, but still has a sore throat. 63F, 5'4", 160 pounds, non-smoker,
  
    Thank you in advance for any insights!
  
    Info:
  
    Throat Culture
  
    Final Report: Heavy Respiratory Flora.
  
    Gram Stain Report:
  
    Gram Positive Cocci
  
    Gram Negative Bacilli

Article: 30 female
  
    5’10” 195lbs
  
    No conditions/no medications Take prenatal vitamin, probiotic, vitamin D daily
  
    Thursday evening I went to the ER for an episode of tachycardia. I have been having period episodes of random tachycardia at rest. I’ve had a holter monitor and multiple ekgs and all have been normal. In the ER they ran blood tests and 2 EKGs. My EKGs were normal and I was told my blood tests were fine and was sent home. I am following this with my primary care doctor, who thinks this may be attributed to my low ferritin level. I checked my blood tests that evening and noticed my sodium level was pretty low. It was 130. My normal is much higher around 139-145. I had an especially salty meal to try to raise it and had pedialyte that evening and the next day. The next morning my doctor had ordered more blood work and I went to get it. My sodium was back to normal at 139. The original specimen taken in the er was hemolyzed but I was told that wouldn’t affect the results? I’m wondering if I should be concerned about those results? I’ve been worried about drinking too much water and have been trying to limit my intake. I also pee very frequently and am wondering if that’s concerning for my electrolyte balance? I stick to about 3 liters or less of plain water a day since I also breastfeed my toddler. Thanks!

Article: [23M] Scandinavian
  
    For the last 3,5+ years i have been experiencing a chronic inflammation like pain that worsens with activity, starting in my feet and eventually spreading from my shoulders down in to my arms and hands. I cant stand up straight for more than five minutes (this is with ergonomic shoes and additional supports) and I cant use my hands for more than 5 minutes of repetetive work (Just typing this burns like hell). My generel health and strength have also seem to decline however i take this as a result of barely doing anything active since it got bad 2 years ago. The best way i can describe the pain is like my body is burning when active and a dull ache when resting.
  
    I have tried long periods of rest, which does seem to help in the short term but any gradual increase in activity sees the pain come back right away. I have been to many doctors and had many tests done. I was checked for various rheumatic diseases with both tests, consultations and ct/mr scans and none seem to line up. A lot of blod samples show nothing continiously too out of the ordinary. All the doctors eventually come to the same conclusion, an overuse injury or some sort of unknown chronic pain injury.
  
    I respect their descision of course!! however, the endless pain is driving me insane and despite two full years of almost complete rest ( apart from college computer work) and following their advice it has only gotten worse. I lost hope a year a so back and just accepted that this was my life now. completly unable to do anything active as a young man in my 20's - stuck in a body that just seemed to be slowly eating itself up. However i have these moments where for a second i trust that it will somehow workout - this is one of these moments.
  
    Im hoping that by getting some more eyes on it from other perspectives from all over the world i could get some more ideas as to what route i could suggest my doctors to look into - im hoping its just a case of them not knowing what to look for.
  
    Hope you can help me get some hope back!
  

    Some (maybe( notable info
  


    A "fun" side note seem to be that the initial symptoms corelated with my first covid 19 exposure. I dont really belive it has anything to do with it but i might as well add it.
  


    My mom, sister and brother all have issues with pain in muslces and tendons.

Article: 16M, 5,10 155
  
    About a month ago I think I had a cut or maybe an ingrown toenail, I didnt think of it much but then this weird wound started forming that hasnt gone away since. for the past 3 weeks i have been wrapping it up with antbiotic cream as well as cleaning it every day/replacing bandage. yesterday I tried to get rid of the dead skin but nothing really happened. the wound is kind of growing over my nail but doesnt really hurt that bad. It is probably a 3/10 on the pain scale. please comment if you know what this is.

Article: Hi ! I'm a 18 male . So i've been off and on sick for about a month now , only mild stuff , feeling hot and a little weak / dizzy , and it goes away for a few hours , then comes back . nearly everyday at the exact same times , it's like routine now .
  
    Neck pain has also been happening , but i've been popping my neck for awhile and idk if that's related , but it started around the same time .
  
    started randomly last month and just been off and on , somedays i'd feel completely fine , next day the same routine would continue , it's been getting better but i seriously don't know what it is .
  
    I'm kinda a shut in (due to depression and shit) and some says it might be due to stress , but i'm seriously lost .
  
    i wanna visit my doctor but family issues have been holding me back . Fever meds often do help push it back , so i seriously don't know .

Article: I’m (23M, have had oral thrush before about a year ago) very confused. I am prone to canker sores my whole life, usually they get a bit painful but nothing I would call debilitating or unmanageable. Recently, however, about two days ago, i had a cluster of what I thought were canker sores form underneath my tongue. I did my normal treatment, salt water rinses and pain numbing ointment, but this time around the pain has been unbearable. Far, far more pain than Ive experienced with sores before. My mouth is dry, and feels inflammed. I talked to a doctor and he told me he thinks its mucocitis, but to my knowledge this is a condition that occurs in people receiving chemotherapy. Does anyone know how this is possible?

Article: Hi there.  24 yr old male.  187cm tall and weight 135kg.  The only meds i take are Vitamin D.  I am showing some signs of Cushing's such as weight gain on abdo and back, purple stretch marks, Flush face, moon face, excessive sweating, depression and anxiety.  Anyways I had a morning  blood test for cortisol done at @ 8am.  The results come back as 473 nmol/L.  How ever i neglected to tell then that I had been awake at least 6 hours by the time I took the test.  Does that make any difference to the results?  Thanks in advance Doc.

Article: needed a tattoo gone asap and sanded the skin off of my arm because i saw it on some medical site. what do I use to remove the ink. I know how dumb of an idea this was but I need it gone like tonight and have no idea what to use to remove it.

Article: M26. I was eating some fried rice tonight and bit into something that was super crystalline and crunchy, at first I thought it was just a weird piece of rice so I immediately spit it out, but afterwards I kept feeling little gritty pieces in my teeth and when I checked the grit on my finger they were barely visible even under light, didn’t feel sharp or anything. I’m not even 100% sure if this was actually glass, checked the rest of the food and saw nothing.
  
    Anyway, if this was in-fact a tiny piece of glass, and I spit out the majority of it, and the remainder that I possibly swallowed would have been essentially as small as grits of sand or salt after being chewed, I’d probably be good right? From what I can see the danger with swallowing glass is usually involving significant shards that haven’t been chewed

Article: I'm male 24 years old / 182 cm 70kg.
  
    So After i put all my cooked food on eating table. i poured hot tea on glass cup and it cracked, honestly i didn't think about it so i just took another glass cup and started eating my meal . suddenly after a couple of minutes i thought about could some small pieces of the glass shatter on the food that was on the table, so i stopped eating and throw remaining food. i checked the broken glass cup it almost cracked on half, after put the two pieces together there was no missing part there, so if i eat some glass it should be really small, am i safe then ?
  
    And what are some symptoms i should take attention to before going to ER.
  
    sorry for my broken English i tried my best.

Article: 28 F  120 lbs No drugs drinker but have not drank in 14 days
  
    LRQ pain and pelvic pain On my period but pain has been on and off for a week, period just started today. Pain only on one side
  
    Pain is enough I can’t ignore bht I can still talk etc.
  
    no fever
  
    feel like pain is radiating into back and down leg into foot
  
    Worried I maybe have appendicitis? But it has been going on for days.
  
    Please help

Article: I recently started doing pilates and more heavy exercise than I have in years! Over the last few days, i have developed very minor swelling and pain towards the bottom of my shin a little bit above my ankle. It hurts to touch the middle of my shin in that area and is the tiniest bit red. It’s also hot to the touch and itchy sometimes. On and off it hurts to walk/stand as it sometimes starts throbbing, feels tight or just be generally painful. It also hurts when i try to stand on the balls of my feet. However, no wounds, puss or anything like that.
  
    Any idea what this is?
  
    24, Female, 5’4”, 140 lbs, No current medical issues, Non-smoker

Article: Started appearing overnight last night. Warm to the touch. Lightly painful.
  
https://ibb.co/WW1yS5b

Article: Every day I wake up with additional bruises on the left side of my body from upper arms to my feet. I had about 7 bruises of varying severity and an a new one appeared. I know it could be from a single or various injuries but I have no recollection of hurting myself at any time in the past few weeks.
  
    For reference I’m 31F with bipolar 1 disorder on lithium carbonate, melatonin, clonazepam,  buspirone, and birth control. No major changes in the last few months on meds. My family informed me that they have some sort of blood clotting gene but I assume I’d know that by now. I also had a period of severe nightly vomiting and upper left quadrant pain about 10 months ago. The vomiting subsided with cessation of a medication at the time (remeron) but I still have upper left quadrant fullness and pain sometimes. I sort of now think that’s related to female health issues as I also have bleeding through birth control and after sex (no pain from sex though). They detected preliminary fatty liver on my scans from the hospital but didn’t add it to my charts for 10 months so no idea. I have an appt soon but im curious if the one sided body bruising is worth bringing up.

Article: 27F, MH obesity and anxiety. I had 2 ectopics, one in each tube. accidentally got pregnant prior to HSG procedure and it was an intrauterine pregnancy. how soon after delivery can I get HSG procedure safely?

Article: 31F. Currently on Effexor for anxiety, as well as as needed medications for UTI prevention, interstitial cystitis relief, IBS relief, and chronic headaches.
  
    I’ve been seeing a rheumatologist since 2018 for the following physical symptoms: widespread body pain (muscular and joint), frequent headaches, extreme fatigue,  periodic episodes of mouth ulcers, episodes of chest pain accompanied by painful heart palpitations (cardiologist detected no heart abnormalities), random rashes (including what appears to be a butterfly rash), dry eyes, etc. I also seem to get sick on a more frequent basis than the average person (bacterial and viral infections) that take me much longer to recover. I am definitely uncomfortable everyday, with the level of discomfort coming and going in flares.
  
    Since 2018 (with the exception of 2020), my rheumatologist has ran annual bloodwork for SLE lupus. Everything comes back normal except for: episodes of low c4, WBC and small amount of blood in my urine (with no infection), low vitamin D, and sometimes my CBC differential comes back slightly abnormal (though my doctor doesn’t consider it to be clinically significant). Recently, I had my blood work checked again, and though my c4 is normal (one point away from being considered “low”), my CH50 came back very low.
  
    Since I don’t test positive for ANA or any other significant lupus factors in my bloodwork, the doctor doesn’t believe that this is what I’m suffering from and the answer is always “let’s just run the test again in a year and see what they look like.”
  
    Is there any clinical significance to a low CH50 that I should be looking into alternative diagnosis or specialist?
  
    Thanks for reading.

Article: I(22M) had my gallbladder removed about a year ago, I've been wanting to get into martial arts but my main concern is that getting hit will open up the bile duct, should I be worried or not?
  
    I don't know how sensitive the clips that hold the duct closed are.

Article: TLDR:
  
    Unknown Medical Condition. Need to know where to go from here.
  
    INTRO:
  
    (Medical condition prior to May 2021)
  
    22M, 5ft. 11in., 160lbs, Caucasion, Canada, Casual drinker (once per month), No drugs, no smoking. Perfect health my entire life. No food allergies. No medical conditions. Perfectly happy. Healthy relationship. High paying job. No stress. No school. CAN work 12+ hours without fatigue. Daily runner. Daily strength training. 7-8 hours of restful sleep. Healthy diet. Lots of water. Enough rest. No history of anxiety. No medication. No positive tests ever for COVID-19 (even until present).
  
    TIMELINE:
  
    June 2021:
  
    First COVID-19 Vaccine dose. I am pro vax. Nothing unusual followed other than arm pain and fatigue. I am including my vaccine status because these are the only vaccines I have a record of getting recently. Maybe this information helps. I get the flu vaccine yearly, and I am vaccinated for other common illnesses from when I was the appropriate age for those.
  
    July 2021:
  
    Second COVID-19 Vaccine dose. More arm pain and fatigue. Still nothing unusual.
  
    August 2021:
  
    Daily pressure in head at work or at home resting (not headaches, PRESSURE). Daily brain fog. Poor concentration. Poor memory. Depersonalization. Poor emotional stability. Poor conversation skills. Poor word recall. Wake up tired. Poor sleep quality. Poor ability to perform tasks. Lack of spatial awareness and worsening hand-eye coordination. No change in daily routine. Same sleep schedule and work schedule. Extreme fatigue and tiredness.
  
    September 2021-October 2021:
  
    Worsening daily symptoms. Forced to stop exercising as frequently or at the same intensity due to fatigue. Head pressure would last all day long, even on days off. Went to hospital for it. Doctors shrugged it off and gave me ibuprofen. Ibuprofen does not help symptoms. Recommended neurologist appointment.
  
    November 2021:
  
    Neurologist suspects hypothyroidism. Labs come back normal. Neurologist suspects anxiety. Anxiety meds do not help. Stopped seeing neurologist because these symptoms do not seem to stem from anxiety and there is no reason for me to be anxious besides the symptoms. The symptoms CAUSE anxiety. Not vice versa.
  
    December 2021:
  
    3rd COVID-19 Vaccine Dose. General practitioner initial appointment. I didn't have one for 3-4 years because I had no need. GP sends me to immunologist, respirologist, ENT, dentist, eye exam, full blood panel, chest CT scan, head CT scan, head MRI, blood oxygen test, breathing test, sleep test, and ECG over the course of the next few months.
  
    Immunologist- Normal
  
    Respirologist- Newly onset asthma (prescribed BREO steroid inhaler)
  
    ENT- Normal
  
    Dentist- 5 cavities (never had one before 2021)
  
    Eye Exam- Normal
  
    Blood Panel- 1:80 Nuclear AB Titre (Doctor said it's normal) vitamins normal, hormones normal, high Bilirubin
  
    Chest CT- Minor calcification of lung tissue
  
    Head CT- Sinus mucosal thickening
  
    Head MRI- Normal
  
    Blood Oxygen- Normal
  
    Sleep Study- Normal
  
    Breathing Test- Asthma
  
    ECG- Sinus Bradycardia
  
    Blood Pressure- 100 High Number, 60 Low
  
    Stool Sample- Normal
  
    Urine Sample- Normal
  
    January 2021:
  
    Sound begins to occur while breathing in deeply. This is new. This was discovered to be asthma. The inhaler prevents me from making noise while breathing but does not help any other symptoms.
  
    February 2021 to Present:
  
    New symptoms. New symptoms include shortness of breath, post exertion malaise, loose stools, GI discomfort, muscle pain, joint problems, chest pain, and hair loss. I stopped exercising completely because it makes things worse. Rest days are the best days. Over time, initial symptoms (head pressure and brain fog) occur less frequently. This may be because I started resting more, and cut hours at work down by half. Head pressure comes only every few days. Brain fog is on and off each day. Fatigue is worse some days, but not always like before. Starting to see the light, but new symptoms make it difficult. Need to know how to become as close to symptom free as possible. This condition is ruining my life. I may quit working permanently until things improve further.
  
    General practitioner orders literally any test I ask for. She is amazing. She does not assume that this illness stems from a psychological aspect. GP from this point has NO IDEA WHERE TO GO. When I asked her what to do from here her words were "I don't know".
  
    Anyone with an idea of what condition this may be is appreciated. Anyone with an idea of what to ask my GP from here on out is appreciated.
  
    I am at my wits end. My top theories are long covid from an asymptomatic infection (or one that felt like a common cold) or some type of other autoimmune disease.

Article: please look at comments, I have posted test results there that are important to this post

    Long story short I was born with a congenital heart disease ebsteins anomaly in 1992. I am a 31 year old female and just got diagnosed with chronic diastolic and systolic heart  failure because of congenital disease Weight 125, height 5’8 Caucasian.
  
Medications as followed Jardiance 10mg Spironolactone 100 Losartan 50 mg Amlodipine 10mg Zoloft 100 Adderall 30 IR ( I am cleared to take this ) Librium 25 mg ( on set schedule for taper off of Xanax) Warfarin 5mg and 2.5 mg alternative days
  
    EA which I was born with  is a malformation of my TR valve with Wolff Parkinson’s White and ASD. 2008 they replaced the TR valve and closed up the ADS, but still has a little hole. 2019 I have a valve in valve replacement for TR valve than a few months later contracted a PE that broke off to my new valve. So as you can guess I’m a warfarin for life gal.
  
    Anyway, about a week go (up to 9 days) I started feeling dizzy, I was weak, had tremors, I could hardly get up nauseous. Plus on top of that my abdomen really hurt. So I got into ED and they immediately knew I was in Xanax withdraw because I had told them (and they can see my medical records) that I was doing that. I told him tapered for 3 weeks and the just stop. He said he commends me for my efforts but he said these things take time. He gave me Xanax and I immediately felt better. So now I’m currently on Librium for withdraw and feeling great.
  
    The ED did a CT scan and it said my liver was heterogeneous. I do not know what this means but then I got an ultrasound done and that was normal  ( I will attach all results in comments)
  
    Now they want me to do an MRI because I’m still in pain and they are worried that blood is backed up or I have another blood clot. Should I do the MRI? What would that show vs. CT and ultrasound?

Article: Age 50 Female No health issues; nonsmoker 5’5”; 120 pounds
  
    I had a blepharoplasty (lower only) three years ago. Everything was fine until about 5 months ago when both of my eyes pretty rapidly began sinking deeper into the sockets. I went to an ophthalmologist 2 weeks ago because of left eye pain and blurry vision. Both of my eyes measure the same (11cm on exophthalmeter). He said everything looks good on examination.
  
    My pain is bothering me a lot today and I'm wondering if the pain can be caused by the eye sinking so deep that it's compressing the optic nerve. Could that be possible? Could the blepharoplasty have caused the eyes to sink this far after the surgery? What’s stopping them from sinking deeper? My main question is can sinking eyes compress and damage the optic nerve?

Article: I can’t breathe well through my nose, it’s been like that all my life. I’m 24 years old, male, 5’10ft, 215 pounds, and I live in Texas, USA. lately, this issue has been a lot more annoying, and I’m more interested in trying to understand it.
  
    I can breathe through it sometimes, but usually one nostril at a time, and sometimes neither nostril. My sense of smell has also always been weak, and that makes me unhappy as well. I would say this nose issue bothers me most when I’m trying to sleep and do breathing techniques, as I’ll have trouble doing them properly like 478 breathing technique. While eating or even if mid conversation I sometimes feel more comfortable leaving my jaw hanging since it feels like such a big difference in how much oxygen I can take in that way, but I do feel embarrassed about it.
  
    My nose isn’t runny, and there feels to be pressure or blockage somewhere, but no matter how hard I blow, nothing comes out.
  
    But if I work out, or get my heart rate up, I start to be able to breathe through both my nostrils with ease, and my sense of smell will become super clear, but only temporarily, say for about a couple hours maybe.
  
    Does anyone know what this means?

Article: 27 Female, temporal lobe epilepsy, bipolar 2, 1.72m 90kg.
  
    I had breast reduction surgery 5 days ago. The anesthetist prescribed 2 painkillers (MyPaid forte and Tramacet) as well as a sleeping pill (Dormonoct 2mg).
  
    I only took Tramacet the first day post op and MyPaid for the first 3 days but never past the afternoon. My surgeon told me the sleeping pill was a strong one, so day 2 I took a quarter one as I could not sleep. It didn't help. Day 3 I took the other quarter, fell asleep an hour later and woke up an hour after that.
  
    Last night at 10pm I took half a tablet, fell asleep in half an hour, then woke up about 2 hours later. It is now 3am and I'm wide awake but slightly tired?
  
    Other medication I'm on: Epitec 200mg in the morning for epilepsy, and 15mg Arizofy for bipolar but haven't taken it since the day of my breast reduction.
  
    My question is, is this normal? Should I consult my surgeon now or when I see him for my post op appointment end of next week?
  
    Side note, my appetite is awful, I eat two bites of a meal and I'm full for the day.
  
    TIA!

Article: Hello! I am a 22-year-old female, 5'4, 117lbs, I have Hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrom, POTS, and I take midodrine.
  
    I sprained my ankle about two weeks ago, it no longer hurts to put any weight on it, its not bruised or swollen. It only hurts a little when I turn it inwards. My chief complaint/question is that if I move it the wrong way, sit on it or bend it the wrong way when I'm changing positions it feels like its separating and being pulled out of place. It is extremely painful but stops as soon as I stop whatever it is I am doing. Even though I am hypermobile and do experience subluxations, this has NEVER happened before in either of my ankles or feet. I am unsure if I should go get it looked at or wait it out longer?

Article: Im a 16 year old male and im 6ft 3 and i wear size 11 shoes.

Article: I, 32M, have been dealing some RUQ pain since June, that has ebbs and flows as to how bad it gets, and have been to my PCP, a GI and a Urologist, as well as the ER once in the beginning when it was suspected I was dealing with Kidney Stones. That wasn't the case and the ER CT and Ultrasounds didn't have anything of note on them. But I shared these results with my mom and she had some concerns around the Kidneys specifically. I'm waiting to hear back from my physician but in reading online I haven't been met with anything clear and I'm just getting a bit worried and want some piece of mind or at least know what I should be looking for, am I just freaking out over the vagueness of the report? TIA!
  
    Impression
  


    Unremarkable abdomen pelvis CT.
  


    Narrative PROCEDURE: CT-ABD/PELVIS W IV AND ORAL CONTRAST
  
    DEMOGRAPHICS: 32 years old Male
  
    INDICATION: R10.31: Right lower quadrant pain R10.11: Right upper quadrant pain
  
    Contrast utilized and the relevant clinical information: History: Pressure of right suprapubic region, RUQ pain, appendix issues. Number of Series/Images: 3.
  
    Contrast Medication(s): IOHEXOL 300 MG/ML SOLN (OMNIPAQUE) Amount Administered = 30 mL IOHEXOL 350 MG/ML IV SOLN Amount Administered = 75 mL
  
    TECHNIQUE: Contiguous axial slices of the abdomen and pelvis were submitted after the IV administration of contrast. Oral contrast was utilized. Additional coronal reformatted images were submitted.
  
    DOSE OPTIMIZATION: CT radiation dose optimization techniques (automated exposure control, and use of iterative reconstruction techniques, or adjustment of the mA and/or kV according to patient size) were used to limit patient radiation dose.
  
    FINDINGS: Inferior chest: The lung bases are clear.
  
    Liver: The liver enhances homogeneously.
  
    Biliary: The gallbladder is unremarkable. No biliary ductal dilatation.
  
    Pancreas: Within normal limits.
  
    Spleen: Unremarkable.
  
    Adrenals: Unremarkable.
  
    Kidneys: There is symmetric renal parenchymal enhancement. No hydronephrosis.
  
    Vasculature: Within normal limits for age.
  
    Retroperitoneum: No abnormally enlarged lymph nodes are seen.
  
    Bowel: The bowel is normal in caliber. The appendix is normal.
  
    Peritoneal structures: There is no free fluid or pneumoperitoneum.
  
    Urinary bladder: Unremarkable.
  
    Reproductive organs: Within normal limits for age.
  
    Pelvic soft tissues: No other significant abnormalities in the pelvic structures.
  
    Bones: No significant bony abnormality.
  
    Abdominal wall: The visualized portions of the abdominal wall are within normal limits.

Article: 17F 5'3 somewhere within 90-100 lbs and white.
  
    i have frequently been having headaches almost all day where there is a big pressure on my head that is squishing my head. i feel a bit dazed at certain points and later on in the day i feel fatigued.
  
    i have autism level 2 and struggle to eat properly due to this, so my diet is very limited but my diet is also mostly plant based. i do not do drugs or anything like that outside of the occasional coffee, which i have not had in over a week
  
    please also tell me if this is something i can solve with OTC/at home treatments or if i need to go to a doctors because i cannot access one at the moment

Article: I, 22, Male 6’9, 143.3 pounds. have been having diarrhoea for 2 weeks+ with no other symptoms went to the doctor for anti-diarrhoea pills and some medication it didn't work. Been having form stool all the way it was more yellow like in the first week now it's turning a lil dark yellow but i make sure i stay hydrated with water and electrolytes dehydrates i go to the bathroom maybe 4-5 times a day immediately after eating my stomach make loud noise and get bloated. Tried eating banana and rice the condition still the same.

Article: Age 10
  
    Sex female
  
    Height 4.7 feet
  
    Weight 40 kg
  
    Race asian
  
    Duration of complaint 3 week
  
    Location India
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues No
  
    Current medications No
  
    Include a photo if relevant
  
    10 year girl child 40kg 4.5 feet tall developed a small bump on the bottom gum. She says it is painless but she keeps touching it. Any idea on it and should we visit dentist or physician for this?

Article: 36F I have POTS, dysautonomia
  
    Was just shocked very strongly/burned on my hand with a car iPhone charger that has exposed wires and it sent pain up my arm, skin is itchy everywhere and chest is tight over left chest area.
  
    I got light headed and needed to pull over bc I had been driving and it threw me into a dizzy faint state. I’m driving now and don’t feel great. I called my nurse line just to be sure and they of course day I need to call 911 and have an ambulance take me to the hospital. I’m not going to do that.
  
    Do I really need any medical attention for a car phone charger? Or can I chalk this up to anxiety/POTS sensitivity
  
    The voltage says 12V/120W

Article: I'm 52, M, 5'10, 204lbs. Never smoked, no longer drink.
  
    I writing because I received a Liver Elastography report which said my liver was enlarged at 19cm and there was a liver stiffness value of 8.39k. Also said: "Parenchyma: Diffusely echogenic consistent with hepatic steatosis. Portal vein patent. Hepatopetal flow."
  
    I had a regular abdominal ultrasound in June because I had some URQ discomfort. (I was a heavy drinker at that point.) That ultrasound was a "limited study" saying the left lobe of the liver was obscured by bowel gas, but it listed the size of the liver at 17.4cm.
  
    In between these ultrasounds I cut down radically on alcohol (from 1 bottle of wine a day to less than a bottle a month) and lost twenty pounds. This makes me confused as to how my liver could actually be larger at this point. (I'm also obviously concerned about the F2 Fibrosis finding.) I have not heard from my PA (who ordered the test) -- I know about the report from directly accessing the hospital patient portal.
  
    I asked for the fibroscan because despite the weight loss and cessation of alcohol I still get occasional cramps-aches and mild pains in my liver area (every day at some point). I have been intermittent fasting (with only black coffee before noon) since late May. Should I be seeking a liver specialist at this point?
  
    Thank you for any advice you can offer. This is causing me a lot of anxiety.

Article: Male, 24, this has been only been an issue for around 26 hours. 5”6 145 pounds. No previous physical medical ailments other than a few broken bones in my teenage years. I drink moderately on the weekends and smoke weed daily, but been clean from all other drugs for around 8 months Pic of my eye

Article: Hi,
  
    My question is related to whether or not sports injuries, that are not related to the brain i.e. concussions, are known to cause significant feelings of tiredness and increase the risk of getting sick? I've provided a background for the questions below for those interested.
  
    I'm a 26yo male which sustained an injury to my left foot during a football/soccer match 4 weeks ago when I was stepped on by an opponent (at least that is what we believe happened, nobody is entirely sure). I instantly felt a sharp pain and after the initial adrenaline rush and making my way off the field, I lost the ability to put any weight on the foot which lead me to visit the local hospital. There I was examined and they concluded that the pain and subsequent swelling was primarily located in the area just below the toes and between the big toe and index toe. An X-ray (not MRI) found no damage to any bone and I was diagnosed with a foot contusion with an expected recovery time of 2-3 weeks.
  
    A month later I'm still having trouble with my foot, there is no longer constant pain but I'm still not able to wear certain shoes, run for more than a few minutes and can out of the blue feel swift pain which could only be described as being stabbed. I'm in contact with my doctor but they are still sort of unwilling to conduct an MRI. However, during this time I've also been extremely tired (often falling asleep randomly at home and suddenly getting immense feelings of tiredness at work) and also experienced significant mental tiredness for example feeling a serious lack of motivation with everything from working out to cooking dinner. I've also felt quite heavily sick twice, which is very rare for me as I usually experience a difficult sickness around once every other year. I'm not taking any medication for my injury or for any other reason.
  
    This has lead me to believe that my injury is causing my body to exert so much energy to mend my foot that it creates fatigue and weakens my immune system causing me to get sick. Are these common symptoms to experience during injuries? Thankful for any help :)

Article: I (F25) 5’3 200 Ibs. I have had severe stomach problems since i was a freshman in high school. To the point where it has absolutely destroyed my life and i’m terrified to go out and eat anything if im more than 15-20mins from my home. Anything and everything can and will upset my stomach and cause severe cramps. I never have solid stool it’s always watery or very loose stools. Sometimes it happens out of the blue even if i haven’t eaten anything and when i have to go i have to go or i will literally poop myself. it’s extremely debilitating and i have to revolve my life around bathrooms and where i need to go in case of an emergency. I’ve done food intolerance tests and soy and lactose are big ones that were in the red so i try to avoid them at all costs but even the foods that i had no intolerance or allergy to still hurt my stomach. I cannot take any antacids or upset stomach medicine ( for example pepto bismol) because i feel like it makes it worse?? Also the last time i got blood work done my Vitamin D levels along with others were extremely low to the point my doctor was concerned and immediately put me on prescription vitamins which makes sense because literally everything i eat goes right through me. I’m at a loss and not really sure what to do.

Article: Have a bad adderall habit, have used nyquil to fall asleep before, fairly often. Took nyquil twice over the past few days , 45 ml once, 30 the other time. but last dose was 3 or four days ago. I’m still feeling super drowsy, and having some problems peeing. Once or twice my urine has been dark. And this is something I noticed in retrospect but yesterday my stool was somewhat dark.
  
     
  
    I don’t have much appetite/ haven’t been eating much but that’s probably also due to the adderall.   I’ve taken adderall daily, averaging about 60mg a day. What should I watch out for?
  
    I contacted poison control and they said i’d be fine, but needed to follow up with a doctor.

Article: Does this sound like definite surgery or does this sound like I can get a cast for awhile and hope to see if it heals on its own? I don’t see necrosis anywhere.
  
    FINDINGS:  Bones: Minimally displaced transverse fracture through the proximal pole of the scaphoid extending to the radiocarpal joint. The primary fracture fragments appear well reduced. No significant callus formation or bridging. Tiny osseous fragment along the volar aspect of the fracture line, which does not appear within the radiocarpal joint. The scapholunate interval appears maintained without dislocation of the lunate. Tiny well-corticated ulnar styloid fracture, favored remote. No aggressive osseous lesion.   Soft tissues: Mild soft tissue swelling.

Article: f22, i weight 100kgs and i took 5g of paracetamol during a depressive episode. i took 2g of activated charcoal after maybe 2 hours of taking the tablets after one of my friends advised me to. is it still necessary to visit the hospital for IV?

Article: Hi, thank you for taking the time to read. For some background, I am 33 female, had a juvenile Granulosa cell tumour removed September 22, along with an ovary fallopian tube omentum part of my peritoneum and some lymph nodes.
  
    In June this year I had sex and for 2-3 months afterwards I got some pelvic pain and pain using the toilet and when I wee. That pain subsided and I was fine until Thursday night just gone when within 5 minutes I experienced a lot of intense period pain (I don’t have periods I take progesterone) I had diarrhoea. But I don’t get the normal feeling of needing to go to the toilet I just go to see if the pain is that.
  
    Now whenever I sit up or stand up from laying down I get intense pelvic pain starting on the left hand side radiating across my lower tummy into my back and halfway down the front of my left thigh. It takes about 15-20 mins for the pain to subside.
  
    What could this be?
  
    I did see on google something about pelvic congestion syndrome?
  
    Thankyou

Article: Hello, I'm 25(f) and weigh 155lbs.
  
    I had a cold for about a week and was starting to feel better, until one morning I woke up with I severe congestion, pressure, and pain in my sinuses. My mucus color changed from white to bright green/yellow. I waited it out a few days to see if these symptoms would go away but they got worse. I went to the doctor and he prescribed me a ten-day course of augmentin (875mg)  It's been four days since I started the antibiotic, and my stomach is really starting to bother me, and I am also very dizzy and tired. I'm also wondering if this medication is making me anxious. My sinuses are feeling better, but I'm wondering if enduring these side effects of the medication are really worth it. I could hardly bear the sinus pain, but now I feel like I can hardly bear the side effects from the antibiotic.  I heard that only 0.5-2% of sinus infections are bacterial, so I'm wondering if I really should be on an antibiotic.  I tested negative for Covid and the flu.

Article: Hello! So i am 18, female, 5'11, and roughly 300 pounds
  
    I work as a cashier and the other day a kid coughed in my face, and I've started to get sick. But it's not like the cold or covid which ive had three times. Its affecting my chest, I can breathe fine but it feels like my chest is tight and like theres mucus or something but when I go to cough, its clear healthy looking mucus. My voice is affected and I can speak more deeply, but I don't really have any other symptoms besides fatigue, and my temperature is lower than normal
  
    its probably just still the early signs of a cold and nothing to worry about but i dont have health insurance and just wanted to ask reddit lol

Article: Age - 26
  
    Sex - F
  
    Height - 5’4
  
    Weight - 155
  
    Race - Hispanic
  
    Duration of complaint - one week
  
    Location - Happened in Florida, but I live in DC
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues - Eczema
  
    Current medications - antifungal ointment and antibiotic ointment to reduce inflammation
  
    After endlessly Google searching for days, I turn to you all... I've had eczema my entire life - I'm not a stranger to skin issues. But randomly broke out in hives on my cheeks and left arm. (They look like welts almost). The hives aren't necessarily connected and it's really weird. I've gone to a derm, urgent care, etc. and have been prescribed a antifungal cream + and topical antibiotic targeting inflammation and rashes. Has anyone ever seen or experienced anything like this? I'd be eternally grateful

Article: Ear infection going on 2 weeks
  
    Hi all first time poster, I got super sick on October 23, sinus bronchitis ear infection whole nine. Did teledoc ( no insurance currently) anyway I’m a lil better now but my ears are still really bad I’ve done 2 rounds of antibiotics, and ear drops and it’s not any better at all. Should I go to the emergency room for my ears? Age 35
  
    Sex female
  
    Height 5”5
  
    Weight 230
  
    Race white
  
    Duration of complaint 2 weeks
  
    Location ears
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues asthma
  
    Current medications antibiotic ear drops
  
    Include a photo if relevant

Article: I'm 27yo male. I have persistent cough with mucus. Wheezing when I breathe. I go to a doc for medication it gets alright for a week or so and it hits back. Chest xray shows nothing. CBP shows high platelets 5.58, CRP 12.5. No signs of allergy eosinophils are normal. What could this be?

Article: I'm a 23M, 167 cm, 72kg, Asian male. I've been having severe, hair loss that's been undiagnosed for the past 10 months (started out little by little, now losing maybe around 150+ hairs per day), accompanied by a burning sensation in parts of my scalp along with thinning of hairs, little to no oil production in hair, but no receding hairline. I only have IBS, but am not on medication. I use Minoxidil and rub rosemary oil into my scalp. I don't use any kind of substances. When I woke up this morning, all the sudden, the burning sensation in my scalp was gone, and instead, I had a lot of dandruff. Should I go see a doctor?

Article: Can you take Allegra if you’re on gabapentin? I had read some antihistamines were great to take with it.
  
    Thanks for any input
  
    Age 32
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 6’2
  
    Weight 190
  
    Race White
  
    Duration of complaint - couple hours
  
    Location - Sinus
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues
  
    Current medications
  
    Include a photo if relevant

Article: Male- 28y- non smoker- 180cm- no medication
  
    Hello everyone,
  
    Sometimes when I'm playing football or padel my heart starts beating fast for a few seconds and then it goes back to normal. I don't feel anything else besides my heart beating fast during those seconds.
  
    I had a bunch of exams a couple years ago and nothing was found. I did an ECG and Eco, Holter during 24h and a Cardiac exercise stress test and the results of that test were that I have an excellent resistance to exercise. The fast beating went away after that.
  
    However, recently I started to have the same again.
  
    Could this be related to anxiety? I used to wake up in the middle of the night with my heart beating at 110 to 120 when my grandfather died, and it stopped after a while. This was a couple years ago as well.
  
    Sometimes I feel what I believe is called "gas palpitations" when gas bubbles are spreaded around, which I feel when my stomach is not feeling well... I burp a lot etc etc.
  
    I just feel it's weird my hearth can be affected by so many external situations and hence my post. It may be ignorance in hearth related topics but I would like to have it clear in my mind since for the doctors, it's all ok but no one has explained me clearly why this happens.

Article: Male in 20’s, 5’10
  
    Are cavernomas both brain and spine present from birth or do they appear usually in your 20’s - 40’s?
  
    Some say it’s present from birth and symptoms mostly occur in 20’s whilst some say it forms later in life at 20’s to 40’s.
  
    Does anyone know? Would appreciate the help, thank you!

Article: 75F, 115lbs (147lbs on day of stroke), 4ft 10in
  
    Medical history - Breast cancer 35 years ago with double mastectomy, COPD, hypothyroidism, hypertension, insomnia, recent type two diabetes diagnosis.
  
    Present illness -
  
    10/30 - has left eye cataracts surgery (her BP was very high that day and they almost didn’t do the surgery)
  
    10/31 - complained of nausea and dizziness
  
    11/1 - still nauseated but getting better
  
    11/2 - woke up and felt immediately violently ill- vertigo, vomiting, and couldn’t sit up due to extreme weakness - 911 was called and arrived within 20 minutes - BP was through the roof. Was given a chest X-ray and upper body CT scan - immediately transported to another bigger hospital due to the CT showing a vertebral artery dissection and ischemic stroke of the cerebellum.
  
    11/2-11/9 - in the neuro intensive care unit - biggest complaint was still the nausea and dizziness. Biggest deficits noted were in her balance (she leans right), reasoning skills and hand/eye coordination. They started doing some physical/speech and occupational therapy there and she was doing pretty well. Nausea and dizziness slowly got better.
  
    11/10 - moved to the step down unit at the hospital and again, nausea and dizziness were better
  
    11/11 - moved to rehabilitation hospital and intense therapy started
  
    Since moving to the rehab her dizziness and nausea has gotten so much worse. She is absolutely miserable. She is refusing almost all food. She eats maybe 1/2 cup of yogurt and maybe 2 crackers a day (if that). She just wants to sleep all the time. She has lost over 30 pounds since 11/2. Is all of this “normal,”? What can be done to help the nausea and dizziness? Is this a sign of decline?

Article: I dont have any other symtoms like burning or frequent urination . For the last days , especially at night , i’ve been feeling like i need to pee , like a pressure or uncomfortable feeling in mt bladder that doesn’t go away and gets worse when u lie down . i feel fine in the morning. please help me this is so annoying

Article: I know this is an insanely odd question, I hope someone on here can answer. I have been biting the inside of my cheeks for many years as a "replacement" to biting my nails. The flesh does rip off and I either spit it out or swallow it. After (mostly) quitting the cheek biting for a few months they still have not healed properly. They do heal somewhat but leave obtruding scars(?) along the inside of my cheeks which I usually just bite off again to try to flatten it out, unsuccessfully. In addition to the title, does this have any negative side affects other than the obvious?
  
    It was hard to get a good photo but here's one. This is the less scarred(?) of the two.
  
    Note: I do also bite the inside of my lips sometimes, similar issue there.
  
16M, duration: about 6 years, no relevant medical issues.

Article: Hey all, I'm a (24M) and have been having a lot of issues with my throat lately such as swallowing difficulties, weird sensations when swallowing, lump feeling in back of throat, slight burning feeling in back of throat sometimes, estuchian tube dysfunction (popping constantly), and another sensation of what feels like post nasal drip. This started in July and has been on going since, but has improved a bit over the months. At my worst I could barely swallow food and was constantly gagging on something in my throat, it was very hard to get through. I've been seeing an ENT specialist but I like he doesn't take my very serious and chalks it all up to mostly anxiety, although he has put me on omeprazole to help lower stomach acid and nortriptyline to help with possible hypersensitivity in my throat which I am open to considering but I do believe there is definitely something more going on. One thing I have been considering is possibly LPR (Silent reflux) but am not quite sure. I took a video in the mirror of my throat and will attach a screenshot in the comments of what looks to be inflammation in the back of my throat but I'm not sure if this is normal or not and my next ENT appointment is quite far away. The inflamed looking tissue seems to be right where a lot of the burning and irritated sensations stem from and it's also worth noting that when I gargle water it feels quite cooling and soothing around that area and also seems to make the irritation in my ears tickle noticeably too. Hoping anyone has any ideas of what this is and what I could do to help it, would be greatly appreciated as it's been months and my quality of life is rly bad right now.

Article: For my son. Age 18, healthy weight, height- 5,11 smokes 20 per day, drinks alcohol a lot, diagnosed with depression, takes mirtazapine 15mg and a regular user of cocaine and cannabis.
  
    My son snorted my pregabalin 50mg (which I take it for nerve pain) he did this because he didn’t have any money any cocaine or cannabis. Do I have anything to worry about in terms of him snorting it? I checked online and it’s quite a low dose anyway. My concern is his health after snorting it any symptoms I should look out for? Is this likely to cause any harm? Thanks

Article: m18 rash and pimple on belly. is this from sex?? sometimes my bf and I do finish in that region & i have had pimples before because of it, but never a rash. and we usually dry clean up so that may also be the cause.
  
https://imgur.com/a/xqXZXNW

Article: Hi guys, my partner (26m) has been sick for around 3 months now. Around mid august he started feeling sick and he hasn't really stopped since (he hasnt actually been sick, just extreme nausea). It seems to be getting worse and worse as time goes on. One of his liver enzymes was down on a blood test he had a month ago and his ALT was slightly up, his liver is a bit swollen apparently too. I just feel lost as what to do. His doctor said last week she thinks it could Hepititis A after we kept pushing for some answers, but the soonest he can get bloods done for that is Wednesday. He can't eat, everything he eats anything he just feels extreme nausea until he goes to the toilet (almost immediately after). The past few days he has gotten much worse, and his stomach has been extremely bad so he's not been able to keep anything "in" if that makes sense, he is constantly nauseous, his stomach is swollen and he is extremely lathargic because he hasnt been able to eat anything. He has lost 15kg (from 88kg-73kg) in two months due to this, and I'm just so worried, Wednesday and waiting for the results seems so long away especially as he's just getting worse and worse. Nothing his helping, he's been prescribed multiple antisickness drugs and PPI's and it is doing nothing.
  
    Does anyone have any idea on what this could be? How ill does he have to be to go to hospital because going in with 'Nausea and fatigue' doesn't seem like it will be taken seriously. Is there any warning signs to go straight to hospital? (We got told if his eyes go yellow to go in, but they are white)
  
    -Just to add, he drinks very very rarely (around two/three alcoholic beverages a year), he is otherwise in good health,  doesnt smoke or take drugs.

Article: When I breathe heavily like during exercise it‘s like the back of my throat is too limp and dangly and my breathing kinda „rolls“ like I am rolling the letter R in the back of the throat. Also whenever I am lying on my back, I have trouble breathing, until I relax more and more and at some point, I can‘t exhale since my nose gets blocked during exhaling in the back of my throat.
  
    I also tend to have somewhat of a lump in my throat feeling but I also have massive neck and back pain and tension which can cause that and worse back pain usually causes a worse lump feeling. Also when swilling saliva my neck near the Adam’s apple tends to „crack“ which doesn’t hurt but is uncomfortable.
  
    I am about 188 cm, weigh 130 kg but I also have a lot of natural muscle and a shoulder width of about 60 cm. I have an appointment in about 3 weeks for sleep apnea and snoring but that won‘t fix all the rattling issues.
  
    I know exercising and losing weight is a top priority but is there anything else I should be concerned about or do to improve my situation? Are there throat exercises to get things less „limp“? I‘m open for any advice

Article: 27M, 185lbs, 6'3"
  
    How full of shit am I?
  
    2 years ago, I received an abdominal CT scan to diagnose a ureter issue known as a UPJ obstruction. During this scan, the radiologist and urologist correctly identified the UPJ obstruction on my left ureter, but made no mention to the massive amount of apparent constipation in my colon. I had the ureter surgery and went on with my life.
  
    Present day (2 years later), I've been really struggling recently with increased upper abdominal pressure and acid reflux. I exercise 4-5 times a week and eat relatively healthy. Finally, I decided to go to a GI doctor and showed him my old CT scans - he immediately sent me home with a 10oz bottle of magnesium citrate and omeprazole 40mg/day.
  
    How bad is this really? I'm feeling much better now that I've been on the toilet for the past 24 hours. It seems crazy to me that my urologist and radiologist didn't mention it if it was really that bad?
  
    CT Scan Pictures: https://postimg.cc/gallery/xn2LYkD

Article: so i’ve been experiencing this since i was little, but not on a regular basis at all. when i was little, every now and then i’d move my right leg (in a natural way, like when i go to walk or change positions) and i’d feel somewhat of a shift in the back of my knee. and it’d hurt, VERY badly. like i’d be a sobbing mess when it’d happen and my leg would basically be locked in a bent position. the only way to quote on quote “readjust” or “pop it back” would be to have someone else (usually one of my parents) slowly straighten/extend my leg until i felt a “pop” (you could hear the pop as well). after it “popped back”, most of the pain would dissipate but i would still feel some residual soreness for a couple hours afterwards.
  
    i am now 23 years old and haven’t had this happen since my junior year of highschool. that is until a little over a month ago: that same shifting sensation in the back of my knee, my leg being locked, the pain. the only difference is that i was able to “pop it back” myself this time (with a lot of groaning and swearing).
  
    the reason i’ve decided to reach out for help now is that it just happened again yesterday morning, and i’m getting kind of concerned about it. i’ve never seen a physician about it because even when it did happen when i was a child it was very rarely, and i think i just assumed that it might of been severe cramping because that’s how my parents would treat it, like they’d tell me to drink more water and stuff like that.
  
    soooo, i really don’t know if it IS in fact a posterior knee dislocation. i tried doing some research about it but all i could find was that that type of dislocation is usually caused by a past injury in said location of the leg, but i’ve never had any sort of physical trauma to the back of my knee.
  
    does anybody know what this could be?

Article: I (27F) got tonsillitis 3 weeks ago, couldn’t see my doctor for 4 days and it was horrible! I had horrible swelling and difficulty swallowing as well as white spots on my right tonsil, tiredness etc. When I finally saw my doctor, I was prescribed Clarithromicin (I have a penicillin allergy) for 7 days as well as some otc medication and steroid spray for my sinuses which were bad at the time too.
  
    Today I woke up fine but suddenly started having difficulty swallowing. I later checked and my neck and right tonsil was swollen again and it was covered in white spots, now I have an earache on the same side and I’m starting to feel my sinuses ache on the same side too
  
    I’ll see my doctor again tomorrow but is this normal? It’s literally been 25 days since the onset of the first infection and only 16 days since I finished my antibiotics!
  
    I moved from the uk to Czech Republic 2 years ago and never had this problem in the uk… although Czech doctors are more antibiotic-happy than uk doctors which is not a good thing!

Article: 22 AFAB, numerous unrelated conditions and medications. photo linked at end of post.
  
    last monday i discovered a spot on my leg that i since have confirmed is ringworm (not via dr, but my bf now has a spot in an area that was in contact with mine). my boyfriend and cat also have signs of it, he is already using cream and im getting miconazole  shampoo for my cat while i wait for her vet appt. ive been using lotrimin since monday, 2x a day. ive been taking pics almost everyday to try to see if theres been any improvement, which i think there has? using comparison of photos online i cant really tell myself. i just want to know if the treatment seems to be working so far, i obviously plan to continue it anyway, until i get my cat’s symptoms cleared up. i also want to know, if its not improving, should i consider switching to a different otc cream? would it be worthwhile to go to a dr to get an oral antifungal?
  
    pic labelled with dates: https://imgur.com/a/IfEsWnN

    (edit to change link, realized how poopy the photo quality was lol)

Article: Hey, all. I(21f) have been experiencing bright red blood in my stool, or when I wipe for a couple of months now, and it has gotten more frequent. I also have swollen lymph nodes in my neck, and get dizzy spells sometimes. I am also 6 weeks pregnant, but have had this before I found out. I shouldn't have, but I googled my symptoms and now I'm convinced I have colon cancer. Does this sound like colon cancer? I just want to know what to expect at my appointment. TIA.

Article: Male 25 years old. 180cm long. I have had issues with my stomach now ever since I was 23. Im now 25. And part of it is thanks to genes and my ADHD medication which wrecks havoc on my stomach. I have a good diet and i train alot but it only helps so much.
  
    I have now sadly gotten inflamed bowels. And it hurts like hell and i just feel awful. I called in sick from my work today. So i hope this is a valid reason for that. And i fear that my stomach problems could become worse in the future...

Article: M18 5'6 61lbs, asthma, no smoking or any substance usage. Cough started last week wednesday and i've been coughing a lot with little to no phlegm. Every morning I cough up a small green phlegm. As of the time of writing (11/13/23), the green phlegm I coughed had little blood, like 98% green phlegm and 2% blood. Im going to get a check up tomorrow since it's my free time tomorrow.

Article: Female 23 years old 1m52 47kg No smoking or drugs Not taking any medication
  
    Friday evening i stubbed my left foot against the couch and my toes hurt and could not really bend them. The next morning i could barely walk on my foot so i was limbing. I had to work so i put some plasters on my toes and checked several times if i did it not too tied. After a few hours i kept removing them bc i was scared of not getting blood circulation. Today i did it again, again not too tied and kept removing them. For a few hours now i have a tingling/ numb feeling in both my legs. I started googling and saw compartment syndrome. Now i’m scared i’m experiencing acute compartment syndrome. The only symptom is this tingling/numbness feeling in both legs. No excrutiating pain, no swelling, no hard/tight feeling of my legs and i can still feel my toes. My feet are both really cold but i think i had that yesterday too but i’m not sure. I told my concerns to my parents but they say i’m exaggerating. Does acute compartment syndrome develop only in one leg or are 2 legs also possible? Does this seem an emergency or can i wait till tomorrow to go to the doctor?
  
    (Also i have been dealing with health anxiety/hypochondria this year and have been numerous times to the ER so my parents don’t want to take me especially at night)
  
    EDIT: my left calf has been hurting for hours but it doesn’t feel tight but hurts a lot idk what to do

Article: Roughly 180lbs
  
    I had a meibography done 3 years ago and the doctor said I was “fucked” in a way (link to said meibography https://ibb.co/R0rjB7C https://ibb.co/GMQFY2r)
  
    Last month I went in for a reevaluation with a different doc as I wanted to see if it had progressed much and when he took my meibography he said I’d be just fine. To use compresses and IPL but all in all he said I’d be just fine. (Link to newer meibographies https://ibb.co/NpjMGsS https://ibb.co/72sSwbb )
  
    I attribute the atrophy to heavy screen usage from a very young age and also a course of accutane I took without a prescription at 15 (stupid yes I know but I’d rather not get into that)
  
    Anyway with 2 very differing opinion I’m left confused and was hoping an optometrist or ophthalmologist could help me have a better understanding of my prognosis.
  
    Thank you

Article: 14m 200lbs 5'6 So I drink this drink called propel but I don't workout I drink it like everyday alot of it am I fine

Article: Age 18
  
    Sex Male
  
    Height 178
  
    Weight77

Article: 21F, 105 lbs, 5’3
  
    i have days like today where i wake up sooo lightheaded and dizzy. i’ve been bed ridden all day. the only position that alleviates it in the slightest is sitting up straight. even tilting my head down or laying down on my side brings about spinning of my head/room spinning sensation. its like when i tilt my head down the dizziness starts to collect towards that part of my skull. i woke up 9am and it’s 5pm now and i’m just now getting the slightest bit of relief. still nauseous tho. I’ve eaten and hydrated early today so that’s not the issue.
  
    what could be causing this? im not sure if vertigo is the correct term to describe this. as you can see from my past posts, i have a list of chronic symptoms of unknown origin, mainly being fatigue and 6 year history of lymphadenopathy under my jaw, so this is just another thing to add to my mysterious symptoms. I have a primary care appointment tomorrow, but just wanted to insight on what i could bring up/ask.

Article: I had an MRI of my lower spine and right hip, hip was for pain and I’m guessing lower back was for pain and the twitching I have in both calves. The orthopedic doctor said it’s nothing it is the ordinary for someone my age (42 male) and don’t think this causing my pain or twitching. The results are listed below. Could any of this be causing my bilateral calf twitching? I had an EMG (clean) so I don’t know what to do anymore!
  
    L2-3: No significant posterior disc bulge. Bilateral facet arthropathy. No spinal stenosis or foraminal stenosis. L3-4: Mild disc bulging. Bilateral facet arthropathy. No spinal stenosis. Mild narrowing of the exit foramina. L4-5: Diffuse disc bulging. Bilateral facet arthropathy. No spinal stenosis. Mild narrowing of the exit foramina. L5-S1: Disc bulging with a small central disc protrusion measuring 3 mm in AP dimension. Bilateral facet arthropathy. No spinal stenosis. Mild narrowing of exit foramina.

Article: 38 year old female, Caucasian. Onset of symptoms were 11/9 with itchy ear lobe. Progressively swelled up and then noticed a swollen lymph node behind the ear. Today, 11/12, I woke up with a feeling of a swollen lump in the front of my throat as well. The lump is visible. I Noticed it when looking upwards and it felt a bit sore. It feels like a small golf ball. Other ear is completely fine. I hardly ever wear earrings, but the last time I did was about 2 weeks ago. Is that too long ago for it to be an allergic reaction? Or would this seem like more of an infection?
  
    Edit: currently on no medications. No allergies that I’m aware of. Very healthy past. Never sick other than the very rare cold. Have had Covid twice.

Article: I've been getting muscle cramps in my body easily when I stretch. I am male 38 of 72 kg and 167cm height.
  
    Like when I'm laying down I get them in my thighs... In my bottom feet muscle.
  
    Sometimes when working even in my hand / finger muscles.
  
    When doing abs workout I got stomach muscles cramp
  
    If I twist my waist and put strain I get cramps in my back muscles...
  
    Even while having sex I get it in my thighs or feet making sex difficult.
  
    Am I having a medical condition?

Article: Hi all, I am M26, 6’ 165lbs, and I take Levetiracetam and Lamotrigine to treat seizures brought on by scar tissue after a cranial surgery 6 years ago. I am wondering if I can take pseudoephedrine to combat a particularly nasty sinusitis I am dealing with. Thanks!

Article: It looks like my Carbon Dioxide levels and Bilirubin is very high! Should I be worried or have more test done? My Doc is on vacation for 2 months and cant reach him. Thanks.
  
    Male, Asian, 34 years old, 3-4 drinks a week now, used to drink double that in early 20's, no smoke, no drugs, no other medical issues.
  
    F GLUCOSE 77 65-139 (mg/dL) Z99
  
    -
  
    - Non-fasting reference interval
  
    -
  
    F UREA NITROGEN (BUN) 14 7-25 (mg/dL) Z99
  
    F CREATININE 0.94 0.60-1.26 (mg/dL) Z99
  
    F EGFR 110 > OR = 60 (mL/min/1.73m2) Z99
  
    - The eGFR is based on the CKD-EPI 2021 equation. To calculate
  
    - the new eGFR from a previous Creatinine or Cystatin C
  
    - result, go to https://www.kidney.org/professionals/

    - kdoqi/gfr%5Fcalculator
  
    F BUN/CREATININE RATIO NOT APPLICABLE 6-22 ((calc)) Z99
  
    F SODIUM 140 135-146 (mmol/L) Z99
  
    F POTASSIUM 4.2 3.5-5.3 (mmol/L) Z99
  
    F CHLORIDE 104 98-110 (mmol/L) Z99
  
    F CARBON DIOXIDE 30 20-32 (mmol/L) Z99
  
    F CALCIUM 9.7 8.6-10.3 (mg/dL) Z99
  
    F PROTEIN, TOTAL 7.3 6.1-8.1 (g/dL) Z99
  
    F ALBUMIN 4.3 3.6-5.1 (g/dL) Z99
  
    F GLOBULIN 3.0 1.9-3.7 (g/dL (calc)) Z99
  
    F ALBUMIN/GLOBULIN RATIO 1.4 1.0-2.5 ((calc)) Z99
  
    F BILIRUBIN, TOTAL 1.2 0.2-1.2 (mg/dL) Z99
  
    F ALKALINE PHOSPHATASE 60 36-130 (U/L) Z99
  
    F AST 14 10-40 (U/L) Z99
  
    F ALT 12 9-46 (U/L) Z99

Article: 23F.
  
    Going to rheumatologist in the next two weeks. MRI of lower spine & sacroiliac joint came back clear.
  
    Been dealing with ongoing nerve pain in one leg for three years now that comes and goes over time. Hasn’t left now though in about five months. In the last two months, I’ve had new developments including parasthesia, internal tremors, muscle weakness, spasms and more pain.
  
    The thing that troubles me the most is this new development of tremors and internal tremors. It started with my thumb and is recurring about once a week for a few hours ever since the first time, about 4 weeks ago. Since then I’ve developed more tremors (especially when tired) in my legs, hands, etc. Have also developed internal tremors which feels like I’m vibrating constantly for hours at a time.
  
    Please help! I feel too young for these sort of health issues 😞

Article: Last few days I started experiencing a whooshing/pulsating sound out of my left ear that went with my heartbeat. It comes and goes but happens most frequent at night. At first it was just the whooshing/pulsating/throbbing feeling but about a day ago my left frontside of my forehead around my left eye where the sphenoid temporal bone is has started to throb as well with some dizziness and fatigue at times. It doesn't feel like a headache more of a throbbing pulsating discomfort feeling on my left side of forehead. I'm getting worried it might be something serious please help!

Article: 27 male, 5’9” 200 lbs, no underlying/chronic conditions
  
    I have had severe cold symptoms for a full week. It started out with the worst sore throat of my life, along with moderate cough and congestion. I got an appointment and they gave me a single dose steroid to try to help with the pain and inflammation. That worked for maybe 24 hours, and then the 3 days since have been even worse than before. Tested negative for strep, flu, and Covid.
  
    Sore throat isn’t quite as bad but it is still there. Consistent deep cough. Nasal congestion. Terrible headache. Ear pain. Sweating (but no fever). Conjunctivitis.
  
    And yet I just went to urgent care and he just recommended mucinex, Claritin, and ibuprofen.
  
    I am miserable. I’ve been taking ibuprofen the whole time and it barely makes a dent. Haven’t tried the mucinex or Claritin until today, but they are at best going to very slightly ease the symptoms.
  
    He said give it another 5-7 days before coming back if it doesn’t get better, but I can’t take another week of this. It’s the sickest I’ve ever been. I understand antibiotics need to be treated carefully and only work if it is bacterial, but isn’t a week without improvement enough to think it might at least be a secondary infection?
  
    What do I do?

Article: I am ALWAYS hungry which yeah makes sense; I’m underweight for my height but I constantly can not stop eating.. I binge/bored eat all the time and I just don’t know how to stop. I can eat full meals & know that i’m full but still eat a snack after or eat something afterwards. It just seems like I can’t stop craving something to eat no matter what even if I just ate. Anybody also have this problem or know any ways to fight the urge to eat?
  
    I also never gain weight, no matter how much I eat I just stay around the same weight and sometimes eat so much I get sick … just to 🤮 and then be hungry again.. I haven’t seen a doctor due to no insurance so I just want to see if there’s any suggestions on how to avoid overeating when it just seems impossible and isn’t as easy as “ just don’t eat “

Article: 28f 5’2
  
    Ptsd, bipolar, adhd, panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder
  
    Lamictal 200mg, Lexipro 30mg, Vyvanse 60mg, Clonazepam .5 mg 2/day, Prazosin 2 mg 2/day Gabapentin 400 mg
  
    I have a blood pressure of ~125/80 at rest but after I work out it drops to ~95/55. Why could this be happening? I would expect it to get higher like it does when I’m anxious. Bpm is ~90 while resting and ~160 while working out. Blood sugar is normal. I’ve had a previous ekg that showed prolonged qt intervals after a suicide attempt via overdose but as far as I’m aware that went away

Article: 15F 5'7.75" 122lbs Ashkenazi Jewish, has asthma (symptoms presented too young technically but my doctors my whole life have said asthma and I've been treated as such), autism, ADHD, OCD, a few other comorbidities of autism/ADHD. Currently taking 200mg sertraline (OCD), 30mg spironolactone for acne, 1200mg N-acetyl cysteine to try to make it easier for me to not skinpick idk my psych said it can't hurt might help, a standard dose of omeprazole (just for the next four weeks, heartburn), and 20mg atomoxetine (ADHD). I have an albuterol inhaler that I rarely use. I have never smoked nor have I done recreational drugs.
  
    The main concern right now is that I'm getting extremely fatigued from very little exertion. Some days are worse than others, but mild exercise has been making my chest hurt and my heart pound. Today I walked from my living room to my bedroom and that happened. I am out of shape, to be sure, but I don't think I'm so out of shape that this should be happening. The majority of the time I struggle with getting enough air in/out (for years, it changes in severity based on environmental conditions), but I don't wheeze, and it's not much of an issue when I'm not doing exercise (I get winded easily, but I manage). I'm asthmatic, but it's strange, because when my doctors check my lungs I sound normal. I just can't breathe right. Only other weird heart things are that my abdominal aorta pulses visibly when I lie down on my back and when I'm standing after exertion or if I'm sucking in my stomach a bit, and for a few months over the summer/early fall my hands would swell for hours if I touched cold things (lips, too, if I was eating cold things). Nothing painful, just limited motion because they'd be all puffed up and hard to move. It appears to have stopped now, somehow; I've been able to touch cold things without being unable to make a fist for hours lately. I often get dizzy from standing or even just sitting up, but it's hard to know if that's an issue because of my medications. In the past (on different meds, several years ago) I fainted from a headrush, but that hasn't happened yet on these meds.
  
    I'm really just wondering if I need to be concerned or not about the chest pain/heart pounding feeling. I don't think I have many risk factors for heart disease: I eat healthy, I'm young, and there doesn't seem to be a huge amount of heart disease in my family tree (my grandpa had a heart attack before I was born, but it was mild and he was fine. Can't think of anything other than that).
  
    I've also got many weird symptoms in line with a connective tissue disorder of some sort. My pediatrician referred me to a pediatric rheumatologist several months ago at my checkup, but I haven't been able to be seen yet (I still have to wait another month for my appointment). There's no family history of connective tissue disease AFAIK, but some of the symptoms I experience also exist in some of my relatives. Do I need to try to deal with this immediately, or can I wait for my appointment? Is it a non-issue?

Article: 45M, 250 pounds, 6'1.
  
    We were moving a bunch of things in very dusty areas. My husband thinks this COULD be a spider bite, but honestly we just don't know.
  
    A few hours after moving things, we noticed his finger started turning red and swelling. There was a "puss spot" underneath the very front of his fingernail. The swelling was starting to become painful, so he asked me to lance it...so I did. Pus came out, he felt a little better, but then it came back with vengeance. More pus spots started appearing except they were next to his fingernail, and two of the spots were perfect dots next to each other (which is why he thinks it could of been a spider bite) and eventually they merged into one big spot and he had me lance it and squeeze his finger and A LOT of pus came out.
  
    This has been going on a total of 9 days, and it looks like another pus spot is forming and his finger is still kind of swollen and red. Also now there is a black spot at the tip of his finger, almost looks like a splinter but it's not?
  
    Can anyone tell us what this is and how we can fix it? Willing to send pics if needed.

Article: Picture in comment. Recently noticed this mole, it’s on my butt cheek and about 1cm or slightly smaller. I know you can’t give a definite answer over the internet but I hate going to the doctors so if it’s likely to be not concerning then I’d prefer to avoid the trip. Thanks!

Article: 26m 6ft 145lbs
  
    I haven't have an appetite for the past week.  Idk if it's an illness or because of my anxiety.  I'm gonna schedule a Dr appointment next week but I was just wondering if anyone knows of something that will stimulate my appetite.   weed doesn't work

Article: This has been gradually getting worse for years.  It probably started about a decade ago.
  
    At first the only symptom was waking up in the morning and having my calves feel like I had been climbing stairs the day before.  Eventually the twitching there started happening while I was awake and I realized what was happening.   It's only small muscles/tiny parts of muscles, not the whole thing, and it's very rare for it to be strong enough to be noticed by others.   In my calves it's always right at the top, almost at the knee.
  
    I started taking Benedryl as a sleep aid, which worked great until it kicked me to classic restless leg.  Stopping the Benedryl stops the RL, but leaves me prone to the twitching.
  
    Around the start of Covid, I started having twitches elsewhere.  Always small, and 99% of the time in bed.  Getting up and walking around makes them stop, but they often reoccur soon if I go back to bed.  My limbs don't actually move at all.   Lately I've gotten them in some tiny muscles in my ears where I can hear them loudly.   I also get them in my chest (which seems more worrying), but they don't actually feel quite like they're in my heart, more something near there.
  
    Most of the time the twitching isn't very strong at all, it actually feels more like a very strong pulse localized in that region., but the strongest versions are clearly muscular in an ultra specific area.
  
    I've tried Potassium and Magnesium supplements, but it's been hard to tell if they actually work.
  
    I thought it might be PLMS but I don't think it matches based on my reading.
  
    My GP hasn't been very useful.  She ordered an Iron test, which I passed.

Article: 20 year old white Male, 187cm (6'0) 80kg from Denmark dislocated patella 1 week ago for the second time. Considering and debating surgery.
  
    Doctor and online results were vague..
  
    I damaged (stretched and possibly partially tore) either my LCL or MCL.. (in our language the doctor describes them as the same name in colloquial speak)
  
    Its the second time (dislocation), and I have some options now.. I can either leave it to heal and strengthen the muscles it or I can surgically strenghten the ligament.
  
    If I leave it it seems I have a high risk of further patellar dislocations that might cause further damage.
  
    The doctor said I would be back to sports etc after the surgery if I do get it. I understand I will recover.. but will it be the same as if I dont get the surgery? Will it make my joints tighter f.x.? will it really not have any permanent effect? If the surgery wont restrict me, I dont mind the recovery time, and I go to the gym 5 times a week anyway so I dont mind rehabilitation either. But if I will be more agile without the surgery I would much rather have a huge focus on strengthening my quads and glutes and hoping for the best. Ty for advice, google and doctor was vague on long term drawbacks from surgery! I could only find side effects and botched surgery results!

Article: Age: 26 Sex: Male Race: Caucasian Medication: none aside from mucinex this week for a cold.
  
    I had a cholesteatoma about 10 years ago in my left ear which I had to have a mastoidectomy to remove most of. As a result of this surgery, I am deaf in my left ear, I have nerve damage that causes my face to twitch and a permanently punctured ear drum and consistent fluid drainage. In that ear. Today it felt like there was something at the entrance to my ear canal and it was a solid but soft white blob that was probably around 5×7mm. It had the same odor as the drainage from my ear. I'm wondering if this could be evidence of regrowth of my cholesteatoma or possibly a fungal ear infection? I recently had a cold but my symptoms are 90% gone today.
  
    I can provide a photo, I'm just not sure how to link one to the post.

Article: Age 18
  
    Sex Male
  
    Height 172 cm
  
    Weight 76.1 kg
  
    Race White
  
    Location Germany

Article: F28 - Hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome/Avascular Necrosis of left femur with impingement, right femur surgically treated August 2022
  
    September 26th I slipped getting out my shower and landed on my butt but my middle back area slammed into my toilet bowl leaving a bruise on the area and a bit on my left side/ribs as well as my elbow from that getting wacked against the sink. I heard a snap sound as I landed and was in pretty significant pain the first hour after but it was my elbow and ribs that hurt the most and it hurt to breathe or put any weight onto my arm for a couple weeks, my lower back hurt a little but was the least painful part. The pain is more of a constant/lingering type ache where if I move it’s much worse and only subsides if I lay on one side and curl my legs up so I’m shaped like a prawn if that makes sense.
  
    Once those other injuries subsided by week 2 the lower back pain  began to get worse to the point it’s every day and even wakes me up in the night. I haven’t lifted anything or done any activities that’ll exacerbate it and I’ve been using my mini massage gun and a much larger rotation one I have with different textured pieces as well as taking my prescribed pain meds for my AVN and using topical ibuprofen as I can’t take orally due to having a stomach ulcer previously. I do plan on seeing my regular doctor but there’s no appointments til months end and I don’t think this warrants an A&E visit and is more of an outpatients thing

Article: 18F, 150cm, 39kg, takes 50mg of Zoloft everyday (started at 17, but the faintings occured before and after taking it), not smoking, diagnosed with PDDNOS and anxiety and depression.
  
    I've had it happen a few times over the course of my life where my parent get really serious about something and starts scolding me and then my vision zooms in and I can feel my heart rate change and then I start dreaming for a a few seconds before waking up on the ground or leaning on someone (if they catch me). Anyone know if there's a name for what I'm experiencing and if it can be treated?

Article: Hello, I had a request for some specific advice relating to surgery/dermatology (age: 30F, weight 140lbs, no health issues). I wanted to know what could be done for old hematomas, I know now that they must be drained but i didn’t when i developed one and now it seems permanent. A doctor i saw (not a surgeon) told me that it was the remains of a previously huge hematoma that was not drained (i didn’t have the chance to go in time) and now it’s dried up. it’s like a small hard bump under my skin where i hit my chin 2.5 years ago after a bad fall. I can’t yet see a surgeon but i’m looking for possible advice on what could potentially be done. it’s raised and circular (1-2 inches in diameter) and protrudes 2-3mm. can hematomas be excised even after several years? do you know if surgery is a viable option for this sort of problem? thanks in advance.

Article: Age: 28
  


    Sex: Male
  


    Body Details: 5'10, 178 lbs
  


    Duration of Issues: 1+ Month
  


    Confirmed Diagnostics: Vitamin D serum level of 10 ng/ml
  


    Self-Concerned Issues: Kidney problems, anxiety/stress induced problems, Vitamin D Deficit + Symptoms meaning something more serious
  


    I know I cannot get a diagnosis online, but I seriously would appreciate help from either those experiences in these issues, or, practiiners themselves. Just support or help on as to what I can do, because waiting for my local available health clinic providers to have follow-up appointments every 2+ weeks is abysmal. I AM not someone just wanted a self diagnosis, I am just worried and in between visits that are taking much longer than they should.
  
    I will acknowledge I know I have anxiety issues, and there have been moments in my life where I've gone to the ER for issues only to resolve within a week.
  
    But going forward; so for the last month I have had a generally crappy experience. I originally had 2 ER visits prompted by strange body/limp pains that followed up breathing difficulties/chest pressure and pain. They kept assuring me I had stress/anxiety after EKG's and triage bloodwork both visits, and a chest X-ray.
  
    During afterwards I had symptoms of that either progressively or all at once congregated over the last month:
  - Chest/rib pains/back pressure at random/laying down on sides/back
- Upper left chest throbbing/poking pains- right side but not as much
- Sometimes stomach/lower bottom rib nausea/pains
- Feeling as if need to breathe harder
- Persistent constipation/diarrhea/mucus light yellow-brown stools
- Fatigue + Difficulty staying asleep but able to sleep for 10+ hours accumulatively
- Dark(ish) amber, somewhat cloudy colored urine- more prominent in the mornings. COULD be dehydration....
- Lack of appetite
- Limb+Join+muscle aches
- Large amount of persistent gassiness/burping
- Acid reflux
- Odd feeling of chest congestion/need to cough/clear throat
- Odd metallic taste in back of mouth/strongest in mornings
    Fast forward to a doctor's visit around 2-3 weeks ago, they hinted at it being yet again, stress or anxiety due to the large breadth of symptoms. But they gave me 3 blood diagnostic tests I took a week ago: Ferritin, HIV1+2, and Vitamin D 25,O.
  
    My Vitamin D turns out to be at a HUGE deficiency of 10 ng/ml; otherwise Ferritin was average and HIV came back unresponsive
  
    And now the more I Google and do self research, the more worried I get considering everything. Vitamin D very extremely low could be the cause of at least over half if not ALL (if you take into account stress/anxiety influencing the rest) of my issues. I very much welcome it being all a Vitamin D + extreme stress/anxiety. But things are starting to, at least when it comes to me + the internet, like kidney related problems.
  
    Things that concern me in relation to my kidneys:
  - Extreme Vitamin D deficit; 10 ng/ml
- Pale-brown/yellow ish stools; Varied diarrhea/pebblelike/firmness
- Amber, slightly cloudy urine in the mornings. Don't think it's persistent throughout day, but VERY noticeable the first time urinating after sleep. I could also be dehydrated, havent drank lots of water the last 2 weeks. 
- Bodily pains/chest pains/sometimes pains that seem like they're at the bottom-behind the lowest reach of my ribs. More rightside than left.
-  My other listed symptoms...
    All in all this can be a sole Vitamin D plus bodily stress issue. The darker urine CAN be a recent week or two issue as I really have only noticed it the last week when it is a much darker color than expected in contrast to the toilet.. The only thing keeping me from more tests are the weeks it takes for my PCP's doctors to be available... Making me go out of town to their branch locations and explain it all again to another doctor.
  
    Just worried and wanted an opinion, what to look out for.. Or have someone reason with me it's perhaps not as scary as it seems. Or to tell me to get off Google/reddit/the internet as a whole.. lol. 🙃

Article: 37/f/5'1"/115 lb
  


    Sex horm binding glob: 63 nmol/L
  


    Total testosterone: 74 ng/dL (H)



    Free female: 8.3 pg/mL
  


    Progesterone: 159.86 ng/dL
  


    TSH: 2.360 mcIU/mL
  


    A1C: 4.6
  


    Average glucose fasting: 85
  


    Cholesterol: 242 (H)



    Triglycerides: 104
  


    HDL: 58
  


    LDL: 166 (H)



    Normal monthly menses
  


    BP: 100/64
  


    For the past two years, my blood work has shown high levels of testosterone and they've slowly been going up over time. I have some of the symptoms of PCOS - hirsutism, enlarged genitalia, and elevated cholesterol.
  
    I've seen two OB-GYNs, an endocrinologist, and a cardiologist.  They're divided on whether or not I have PCOS, as I've had  two ultrasounds that were done, one which showed one cyst and the other was clear.
  
    I would prefer to know what my condition is before taking birth control or spironolactone. I'm currently taking 3000 mg of inositol, 1200 mg of NAC, 1200 mg of berberine, 2000 mg of vitamin D, and drinking spearmint tea per my OB-GYN. None of it seems to be helping.
  
    What other conditions could cause the higher testosterone levels?

Article: Hi everyone. My doctor is pretty adamant that I have IBS but I want to rule everything else out because I dread this diagnosis. I am 28f. My symptoms are not usually weekly or daily. My bowel movements usually depended on the fiber I was eating. But maybe once a month or so (sometimes maybe even 2 months can go by) but I will have this episode where I cannot get out of the bathroom, I am in pain that rivals birth contractions (yes I’ve given birth so I know what they feel like), and whatever is coming out usually starts as solid stool maybe in walnut sized pieces or so and then eventually ends up as diarrhea. Sometimes during these episodes, my body will involuntarily push. Like push hard. I’ve had a colonoscopy and everything was healthy inside. But I feel far from healthy when this happens. Does this sound like an IBS kind of thing? I just always thought that IBS was more frequent than what I’m experiencing. I have no idea what the triggers would be because it’s so random and irregular. Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thank you

Article: I (19M, 6”2, 78kg) have had high ALP for the last 5 months and am starting to get very worried as it is going up. I am a powerlifter/judoka and have had a high protein diet my whole life. I have been on a caloric surplus of ~500cals for the last 3 months. I have no noticeable symptoms of either bone or liver disease, but my albumin and bilirubin levels are quite high too. Here are the numbers:
  
    Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase level 18 u/L [0.0 - 54.0] Serum albumin level 48 g/L [35.0 - 50.0] Serum total bilirubin level 21 umol/L [0.0 - 20.0] Serum alkaline phosphatase level 246 u/L [30.0 - 130.0] Serum alanine aminotransferase level 36 u/L [0.0 - 55.0]
  
    As a side note, I take vitamin D3 supplements and have checked my vitamin D levels and they are sufficient. I also do not take any steroids or PEDs and have never done so my entire life.

Article: 27F
  
    I came across my CT results from last yr and was wondering if it's likely or unlikely that colon cancer can be misdiagnosed as appendicitis.. I've been having bowel symptoms for a while and was wondering if this is something that could happen.
  
    FINDINGS: There is a wandering caecum in the middle of the pelvis. There is a retrocecal appendix which ascends along the posterior aspect of the ascending colon. It appears thickened and there is adjacent fat stranding. No appendicoliths is identified. No adjacent collection is seen. No distended loop of large small bowel is identified. Mild faecal loading is noted. The upper abdominal solid viscera outlines normally.
  
    The gallbladder and urinary bladder outline normally. The abdominal aorta appears unremarkable. No enlarged upper abdominal lymph nodes. There is a trace of ascites in the pelvis. No suspicious bony lesion is identified. The visualised lungs are unremarkable. CONCLUSION: There is uncomplicated acute appendicitis
  
    I know it's hard on CT sometimes but my mind went back to that time thinking what if it was something else..
  
    Thanks

Article: hi

Article: Okay first of all, I want to clarify that I have already asked my GP. He said tonsil stones are not a major cause for concern and the way to stop it would be to get my tonsils removed, if I really want to go through surgery for that. Is there really no other way to stop it? I have not always produced them so how could I get back to normal? It is disgusting to think I have crap building up in my throat and I don't want bad breath thankyouverymuch. I brush my teeth and rinse morning and evening. Also, I am currently pushing them out with my finger (after cleaning my hands thoroughly) ~once a week. Will that make it worse?
  
    Some background: The only other time I had tonsil stones in my life was when I was a teen. I also used to push them out, and after some time I just stopped having them. Mind you I used to get sick a lot because of my allergy (see below).
  
    This summer I was back in my hometown and I had a really bad episode of respiratory allergies (dust mites allergy that for some reason only hits when I am back in Spain). I spent 2 weeks sneezing all the time, totally congested nose and throat. During this time I got my tonsil stones back and since then (August) they have not gone away, even though I am out of Spain, healthy and without allergies.
  
    Also a side question - since I came back from Spain I've been having this intermittent mild itchy rash on my breasts, stomach, back and arms. Could it be related to the tonsils situation? I've never had skin allergies but my GP gave me a cortison cream and it brings the rash down, though it keeps coming back...

Article: Age: 50
  
    Sex: Male
  
    5-8, 155 pounds.
  
    Caucasian
  
    I recently had my annual blood work completed. Everything was good except my WBC and Neurtrophils came in low at 2.6 and .9. 5 The reference ranges on the low end were 3.4 and 1.4.
  
    5 of the last 6 years I have tested low on WBC, and most of the time low on Neutrophils. But this year the number is lower than ever. Several things to consider on my situation include - I was fasted for 14 hours prior to the test, and was the same for all of my tests in the past. I am a long distance runner and do heavy endurance training (6 to 8 hours per week). I follow mainly a plant based diet that is also dairy free. I had a flu shot 13 days prior to my most recent test. One month prior to the most recent blood test I had a Stage 0 melanoma in-situ removed from the back of my shoulder. All margins came back clean for any spreading. The melanoma was contained in the epidermis with no spread or penetration.
  
    My doctor feels no further exploration is necessary as this has kind of been my 'norm' but I am concerned that the number has decreased. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.

Article: I’m a semi-active 17m, I do weightlifting for about an hour and a half, 5 days a week but not much cardio so I thought I’d have an average ≈70 bpm but I counted it and got closer to 96 and I used one of those apps where it measures heart rate and all of my results came out in the 90s, what does this mean? Is this concerning?

Article: Partner slept in a very very cold room two nights ago and woke up with a hard lump behind his ear and a tight scalp with 2-3 small lumps in hairline. Applied coconut oil to the scalp last night but today is feeling ill and now has two larger hard lumps behind ear (1 cm diameter). Not painful but does feel woozy when pressed.
  
    Any thoughts on what it could be / anything to worry about? A virus with unfortunate timing? Or connected to the sleeping conditions? Any advice welcome.

Article: Today I (20 female, height: 158cm, 50 kg, no medication) while I was washing my face, I discovered this huge thing that looks like a mole on my jaw, does it look like melanomaor could it be something else? I do intend going to the dermatologist as soon as possible.
  
Link

Article: Age: 26 F Height: 160 cm Weight: 72 kg Gender: female Medically free
  
    i have history of recurrent vaginal yeast infection provoked by sex. Every time i take fluconazole but now I am tired of being in the same loop. I am negative for everything and not diabetic as well. Does anyone have been in the same boat and did anything help?

Article: Had an ekg and said I had lvh. Followed that up by another and came back for lvh so the doctor confirmed i had lvh and ordered more test. I took my stress test and echo still waiting on echo results but this came back on my stress test.Stress: A Bruce protocol stress test was performed. Overall, the patient's exercise capacity was excellent for their age. The patient reached stage 4 of the protocol after exercising for 12 min and had a maximal HR of 173 bpm (94.54 % of MPHR) 13.4 METS. The patient experienced slight dyspnea during the stress test. No chest pain was reported. Onset of symptoms occurred at stage 4 of the protocol. Symptoms ended during recovery. Blood pressure demonstrated a normal response and heart rate demonstrated a normal response to stress. The patient's heart rate recovery was normal. • Stress ECG: ST depression (II, III, aVF, V5 and V6) was noted. The ECG was positive for ischemia. • Stress Conclusion: The cardiac stress result is positive. The risk of ischemia is intermediate.
  
    Thank you for allowing us to share in the care of this patient.
  
    Patient noted to have ST depressions in lead II, III, aVF, V5 and V6 and the EKG is positive for ischemia. He still continues to have angina. Patient is able to exercise at this time and therefore we will proceed with a Myoview/myocardial perfusion imaging stress test for further risk stratification.
  
    I'm kinda terrified I'm gonna have to have like triple bypass surgery or something. Any insights would be greatly appreciated!!

Article: Basketball injury
  
    Yesterday in a game i had an elbow to my eye in full force and when it happened i saw straight black. (when coming down from trying to get the ball, we both jumped for it and for the entire impact downwards my eye was hit) Afterwards my eyes couldn't stop watering even hours after.
  
    There's no bruising surprisingly, and i can see fine only the slightest bit blurry, but i feel pressure at the back of my eye when i move it in any direction that's not straight (as well as a bit of pain on the bone above it) . I'm possibly going to the doctor/opticians this week, any advice?
  
    edit i'm 15 and female
  


    also it's hurting when i blink now too

Article: F32, 5’8”, 190lbs, roller derby player. Take some psych meds (SSRI, and an ADHD med). Currently taking ibuprofen.
  
    Yesterday morning in a scrimmage I took a big hit and fell HARD on my knees and elbows (onto good knee and elbow pads) on our polished concrete rink. I was a bit tilted towards my left side. My elbows slid forward and my left shoulder kind of extended as I hit the ground, with my full body weight falling onto my extended shoulder via my elbow. I kept playing after the hit.
  
    Today my shoulder is very sore. I have some minor bruising right at the front of my shoulder (though this could be from a different impact). There is pain when I raise my arm both forwards and out to the side. It feels like I strained something. I plan to rest and let it recover, I’m icing and taking ibuprofen.
  
    I would like to know, based on the mechanism of injury, the names of the structures I have potentially injured so I can look up some stretches and rehab techniques. This is what I have done for minor knee, ankle, and hip injuries, but I just don’t know enough about shoulders to start this research.

Article: I am a 17 year old trans man (AFAB), I'm currently around 5'8 (I don't know why height is relevant to this but alright) the only other medical issue i have is digestive issues and other psychological issues like well a lot. Mainly depression, ed and ocd related things. Like feeling worthless, staving myself and intrusive thoughts and checking myself. My weight fluctuates often but I'm around 10st
  
    I forgot to mention but I currently take sustanon. I didn't during the incident this post refers to though. Only started this year.
  
    When I was 14 I randomly stsred hallucinating voices, TV static, people touching me, etc I also felt like there was someone living in my houses walls or attic. I legitimately tried to get into my own attic at one point to catch them obviously nobody was there but I thought they'd just hidden somewhere or something. It was hard to sleep because I thought the person in the attic would kill me in my sleep. I didn't sleep. I stayed up for as long as I could and legitimately couldn't tell what was real at one point. I thought myself and everyone around me were characters in a book. These kinda thoughts qbout me not being real were after I stopped hearing shit. At one point I cut myself to check because in my eyes if I could bleed I was real. But I'm getting off topic, due to these kinda symptoms should I seek help or like some kinda diagnosis. I haven't really experienced anything like that again though sometimes I do feel like someone is going to get me or hear shit but that's only every once in a while now. I kinda feel like I grew out of it but I'm wondering if not treating it will bite me in the ass later
  
    I'm already trying to seek treatment for other issues mentioned above just wondering if it's of any concern thst I should bring this up.

Article: Female 55 with fatigue, headaches, fever etc. Diagnosis of fibro and chronic fatigue, however have reoccurring elevated ANA and C reactive protein levels. For the last year blood tests have high sed rate, very low platelets and low RBC and have begun having seizures and neurological issues. Rheumatology, Endo,Gastro and Neuro have not discovered a cause.  Is there a specialist that may offer more insight?

Article: my boyfriend just turned 17 years old a few days ago and he only weighs 85 pounds. about 4 hours ago he made the really stupid decision to drink. he had 5 cans of bud light, to my knowledge bud light has a very low level of alcohol, but he weighs very little and is VISIBLY intoxicated and has thrown up. it’s been hours and he’s still acting drunk. will he be fine or does he need medical intervention?

Article: Female , 19 years old. I went into the doctor for a uti test and these are the results I got back from the urine culture. I need help understanding it!!
  
    <10,000 CFU/ml Mixed flora (multiple morphologies present)

Article: Age: 28 Sex: F Height: 5’4 Weight: 120lbs Race: White Duration of complaint: 3 times in ~2 weeks Current medications: Quetapine(Wellbutrin), Bupropion(Seroquel), Atomoxetine(Strattera)
  
    Last night, I went to the ER after having a third episode in a roughly 2 week period. During this episode, it starts with the sides of my neck feeling like they’re being squeezed from the outside. My chest gets tight, and it feels difficult to breathe. I also got pain in my shoulder blade area on the left side of my back. My heart rate was very elevated, 130-150’s bpm. In last nights episode, I almost fainted and couldn’t think coherently.
  
    But the time I got to the ER, it had calmed down a bit. I could barely explain to the nurse in the waiting room what was happening because I couldn’t think straight and my husband had to tell her just was going on. I ended up having an EKG, but it had mostly calmed down and my heart rate was only slightly elevated with no abnormal rhythm. The doctor seemed hesitant to do any more testing and only told me up follow up with a cardiologist to get a Holter monitor to catch another episode and see what’s happening. But because I take medication for my anxiety, they tried to chalk it up to having an anxiety attack. But I’ve had anxiety my entire life, I’ve never had an attack that felt like this, and it has happened 3 times now. The “choked” feeling is what starts it off and then the heart rate(so it’s not like it was anxiety causing the symptoms because they started first). Was the doc at the ER being dismissive? Should I have pushed for further testing? Could this have been a heart attack or any sign of heart failure or blood pressure issues?
  
    As of today; I still have that slight feeling like my neck is being squeezed and my back still has pain in that area.
  
    Other relevant information: I do drink a pretty big amount of caffeine every day in the form of energy drinks (I know they’re bad… I’m gonna try to stop after all of this). I also recently got the dosage of the Strattera upped, so I’m wondering if maybe it could cause this? I know it’s not a stimulant, but it does have a lot of the same side effects.
  
    Edit: Also if family medical history matters, my dad has high blood pressure and my mom has a blood clotting disorder (Leiden factor V, I believe).
  
    Edit 2: Since everyone came for me in the comments, I want to clarify why I felt dismissed. The first thing the doctor said to me was “so the nurse told me you’re experiencing symptoms of anxiety.” He mostly spoke to my husband and it felt very much like the typical doctor telling a woman that her issues are just anxiety. I just didn’t feel heard or like I was taken seriously.

Article: 29M
  
    I recently had a 3D scan of my skull. It appears that I have a deviated septum. It also appears that my vomer bone is deformed; is this normal and might this need to be fixed by surgery?
  
    I will see a doctor in a few days.
  
    3D scan of my skull: https://imgur.com/a/WN82XVp

Article: I’m a 22 old male on no medications or history of any medical issues.
  
    Why would I have low sodium despite eating lot of sodium in my diet. I purposely add sodium to everything i eat but I always feel dehydrated no matter what for as long as a could remember. My mouth, sinuses, and skin are always dry. I’m also careful to not over drink water because I know that can dehydrate you more and it has in the past. And my potassium levels are in range. What’s causing my sodium levels too be low because I don’t think it’s dietary related. I have a suspicion that i may have low cortisol/aldosterone but I’m sure.

Article: Im a 22 year old male and I've noticed this thing after long gaming session yesterday sitting on my butt. It's painful and I'm very scared. Is this an abscess?
  
https://ibb.co/Fxc9Z30

Article: 23F, PMH: Lupus/POTs. Duration of presenting complaint - 5 days. From the UK. In the last week I have had a loss in appetite, abdominal cramps (similar to period like pain) - occurring around 2 hours after eating. Passing more gas than usual/burping, in terms of bowel movements I have been able to pass stool just less frequently and smaller amounts than usual. My stomach has also been making more gurgling noises than usual and is tender to touch. Nothing has changed in my diet (still eating the same despite lack of appetite) and I haven’t had any changes in medication. No pyrexia although I have had intermittent flushing of my face. I can’t think of any obvious reasons of what this could be - However, I do have a history of long term use of NSAIDs to manage chronic pain and the only other thing I can think of is my symptoms started the day after I had eat Salmon so could possibly be from that but I’m not sure, any thoughts?

Article: (18AMAB, 6’3, 190lbs, medications are Focalin XR 20mg, Seroquel 50mg 2x/day, Wellbutrin 300mg, vitamin d supplement, no drinking or smoking, no past medical history) For the past week, I have been having mild headaches and light sensitivity. It feels like a dehydration headache, but doesn’t resolve with water. It’s not debilitating by a stretch, but it is noticeable. The same goes for the light sensitivity. Looking at a screen or phone becomes uncomfortable after several minutes. Nothing to my knowledge happened beforehand that could encourage such illness, and it rather appeared inexplicably. I am becoming concerned about this, and have no idea what it could be. Please help.

Article: To preface this: I already have an appointment with my doc for the beginning of december for unrelated reasons and will bring this up.
  
    I (19yo M, 5'11 180lbs) have been consuming caffeine consistently since 13 years old starting with two to three mountain dews (~50mg) every other day. Since last year I've switched to almost exclusively monster energy drinks (~140mg) and have been drinking 2-4 of them everyday since the school semester began. I've always had 'higher' blood pressure and heart rate (teetering on the edge of concerning) since middle school, but now I've begun to feel chest discomfort.
  
    To make matters worse, I began taking prescribed Adderall last week and am feeling my heart rate accelerate. I made a dumb decision of drinking a monster a couple hours after my adderall and began feeling my heart beat as if I were being chased by something. Very scary. I put my arm in one of those self-testing machines and read high heart rate. I drank a monster yesterday (without an adderall) and felt more discomfort in my chest than usual. Now I'm shitting my pants concerned. I'm not in the mood to die from a heart attack this year.
  
    What (if anything) should I be substituting my caffeine consumption with? Would it be safe for me to have green tea? I have poor hydration habits and definitely do not drink as much water as I should.
  
    What resources should I be looking into for young adults with high blood pressure? What heart healthy things should I be doing right now to help while I hop off caffeine?
  
    Am I a complete dumbass that's going to accidentally kill myself? Any and all information pertaining to this would be greatly appreciated.
  
    Thanks <3

Article: 22M, 5'9", 160lbs
  
    I have an oncology appointment on Tuesday and I am trying to prepare some materials to bring with me. For months, I have always had immature granulocytes in my bloodstream. They have mostly been in the reference range, but have been elevated a couple times too. Not a single test has showed 0 though. Is this normal or is it something that is worth mentioning?

Article: Never happened before. my mom was going to sit down on the couch and completely passed out. She fell off the couch and on the floor without movement for 10-15 seconds. She came to and remembered nothing. She’s been dizzy lately, lots of sinus pressure and nose bleeds. Should we be concerned?! I’m so anxious

Article: 25F, 230lbs. In England. Prev. tubal ligation and ablation.
  
    Hello everyone. I’ve had a bump on the underside of my right breast for ~6 months now. It came up suddenly, but I have a history of HS, which I attributed it to. However, it doesn’t seem to want to go away. Despite leaving it alone for weeks, I noticed a head. When I squeezed it, pus came out. It has continued to come out every time I squeeze it (once a day). I know I shouldn’t squeeze it, but I have a strong compulsion to. I wash my hands and try to keep the area clean afterwards..
  
    Anywho, I would greatly appreciate if the doctors here think that it seems like a trip to the dermatologist is necessary.
  
    Photos pasted here:
  
https://imgur.com/a/hGCDlAI

    Thank you in advance!

Article: 29F 5’3” 125lbs
  
    Hi there. For about three weeks now I’ve been on 80mg of Prozac. My Dr and I have been building up to that over the course of a few months. I also take 150mg Lamictal, 7.5 mg Buspar twice a day and 40mg of adderall. I’ve been on all of these medications for years but this summer switched from Lexapro to Prozac because I wasn’t getting the same results from Lexapro as I had been.
  
    My suicidal thoughts have amplified and my anxiety is through the roof. To the point where if I’m out in public the hair on the back of my neck is standing up because I feel like people are watching me. I’ve been crying a lot more and have been completely unmotivated these last few days. I am shaking and having some small muscle spasms and headaches. Nothing has necessarily gotten harder in my day to day life that would make me more depressed. I’m eating, then waiting a half hour to take my medicine because I thought that is what was causing the shaking. I’ve been getting headaches and I feel nauseous. My mood has been so down and my emotions seem so out of my control that I even took a pregnancy test because I felt so weird.
  
    I sent my Dr a message, but it’s Sunday so at the earliest I will hear from her tomorrow. Is it safe to stop taking the Prozac until I hear from her? Should I keep going as prescribed until told otherwise? I feel like shit and I’m sad and I’m scared. I just want to be better. Any advice would be awesome, thank you.

Article: So since i was 19 years old i had a stomach ache after drinking only alchohol and energy drink without eating food then i had a diareah that had blood in it then my symptoms started very randomly. at first it was the bright red bloods coating my stool then Pooping more and loose stool followed then flatulence and pooping mucus only. fast forward to now the symptoms left is occasionally pooping with really few bright red blood in stool like 2-4 times a year. and the stomach ache that i would need to poop but its yellow mucus liquid only with tiny bits of stool(This happens 2-3 times a month). Left side lower pain that is sometimes there but mostly not there. Rectal pain like burning and sometimes itchy.Acid and heartburn after eating. within the 4 years there are times where i almost felt normal again but it comes back after some time. eent to few doctors and one said its internal hemorrhoids without checking symptoms. One said it was IBS. then one said i had prostatitis (because it also paired with urinary symptoms that time). So how likely is this to be CC i have no fam history and my family thinks i am paranoid since i am panicking since i was 19 years old and it is just sad simce i am always worrying every day for 4 years now and it is just tiring.

Article: 30F, 5'8", 200 lbs Pre-Hashimotos (monitored, unmedicated) and a minor heart murmur (born with it, no related issues) Taking vit. D, vit C, iron, magnesium Not pregnant
  
    Several months ago, I suddenly became extremely fatigued - had to nap daily, stopped exercising due to exhaustion. I have been to my endocrinologist, who ruled out diabetes or thyroid issues. I've been to my PCP, who has run several rounds of bloodwork, which ruled out a host of autoimmune conditions. The bloodwork showed normal chloride, slightly low iron and iron absorption, slightly low vitamin D, and elevated levels which are consistent with my history of mononucleosis.
  
    Since I upped the vitamin D and added magnesium and vitamin C, the exhaustion has gotten slightly better, but still definitely not normal.
  
    In the past 6 weeks, I've developed two new symptoms: my fingers have swollen significantly (can no longer wear my rings), and I cannot tolerate alcohol. Having more than 2 drinks over the course of several hours has caused me to vomit on 3 occasions. This is very unlike me. I do not drink daily.
  
    I'm starting to feel crazy asking my doctor to look for other things, but I know that I don't feel normal. What else should I ask her about? Is there anything else I should try?

Article: When I was a baby I was dropped off a table and fractured my skull. I’m not sure how old I was exactly, my mom never told me much information. I will be 21 in 2 months and I’m a female. I have always been able to feel a large crack on my head. I can feel it from the bottom of my right ear up onto the top of my head, and then it thins out into my forehead. It feels almost 1/2 an inch thick where it starts near my ear. I’ve been having sharp pains there lately especially in the thickest part of what I can only describe as a large crack. I haven’t been able to find much info on long term effects into adulthood. Also worth mentioning my right pupil is smaller than the left as well since it happened.

Article: 41 male asian Asian
  
    Facing possible ALS and think I have hand atrophy around the thenar. Can someone take a look at provide some advice on if this looks normal or not?
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/vGwXbia

Article: M/40, Canada.
  
    I have been getting iritis and corneal ulcers over the last 5 years, usually two or three times a year for each issue. Furthermore, almost daily it feels like I have eyelashes or something in my eye. They happen any time of the year.
  
    I'm familiar enough with these issues that I can tell what they are right away. The ulcers I typical shine a light under my cornea and can see them in the mirror. This morning, I didn't even need to do that, I could see it in the edge of the cornea, and originally thought it was something white stuck on the edge of the cornea like salt from eye drops or something.
  
    I'm not typically affected by allergies, I don't wear contacts. I'm a clean person, I shower twice a day, wash my hands often, sanitize my phone after work. Of I have to wipe my eye I rarely use my fingers unless they are just washed, and most times use my sleeve or arm.
  
    I've never had a cold sore or any signs of herpes in my life. The only idea I have is that having the heat/AC blowing in the car exacerbates dry eyes somehow. Maybe it's an abrasion instead, and I'm somehow scratching my eye?  - would the eye doc know the difference?
  
    I see an opthalmologist but he doesn't think I have clinically dry eyes. He treats the iritis with steroid drops. He treats the ulcers with Vigamox.
  
    I typically use Systane individually packed eye drops at night and morning.
  
    Iritis, I can believe is due to the HLAB257 gene. As far as the corneal ulcers, I have no idea. They are peripheral so far, luckily. I have RA but it is super quiet and I'm only taking Plaquenil. I do get regular checkups for retinal issues/toxicity which is the only associated eye side effect.
  
    Hoping to get some insight here. My biggest concern is if one of these happens in the middle of my cornea.

Article: Male, 19. I’m 6’3 and weighed 67kg before I got sick. I’ve barely eaten in the last 4 days and have lost ~5kg.
  
    Over the 4 days I’ve taken a couple doses of Codeine, 3 doses of Coderal, a dose of ibuprofen and a couple doses of benzydamine, each either for the migraines/headaches or a sore throat.
  
    I barely drink and I’ve only ever smoked pot, which was several months ago - otherwise I’m clean on drugs and smoking.
  
    I’m currently getting over a really bad flu. I had migraines for the first two days, which eventually lessened into headaches. I’ve had coughing fits the whole time, often coughing up phlegm, which has stressed out my core and makes it hard to move without feeling sore.
  
    I’ve had a massive loss of appetite since the start, and usually eat more than most of my family, despite how light I am. I still feel extremely hungry, but cannot eat more than a 1/3 of a small serving of food (equivalent about a slice and a half of toast?)
  
    I’ve been staying hydrated, I’ve drank about 8.5L of water in the last 4 days, but it’s gotten to the point where I feel almost sick drinking more, despite being thirsty. I also tend to have diarrhoea shortly after eating - including something as minor as those butter menthol sore throat lozenges.
  
    Any advice on how I can remedy this? I really want to enjoy food again, but it’s difficult when even water feels kinda gross

Article: 21y/o F normal weight, no medical issues other than pcos and endometriosis
  
    Long story short, I was applying eye makeup when I accidentally reached for my friends stuff. I applied it until I realized it wasn’t mine.
  
    The next day I woke up with this dry swollen patch in the inner corner of my eyelid. My friend told me that product was also years old so I’m sure that made it worse than just sharing. However it’s been 3 months and the inner corner  eyelid of one eye is puffy and rough to the touch. It’s hard to see but the area is raised compared to the rest of the eyelid. It is just that small patch as well. I have a doctors appointment 2 weeks from now but wanted to see if anyone could have any idea.
  
    I’m thinking blepharitis but im not sure. As you can see in the pictures it even makes the inner corner droop down and makes them uneven.
  
    I’ve tried eyelid cleaning pads, eczema eye creams etc and none help.
  
https://imgur.com/a/5tr1uRN

Article: I've suffered from dry mouth for a long time and from March to August I had 20 to 30 cough drops per day because it seemed to eliminate the feeling of constant thirst. Now I have a constant tingling/irritation feeling in my throat and much of the roof of my mouth is white. The doctors have checked and there's no evidence of a bacterial infection. The irritation makes it extremely difficult to focus on anything or fall asleep at night. I stopped using cough drops in mid-September but it won't go away. I'm a 20M, 6'0, 180 pounds, white. I have ADHD, major depression, generalized anxiety disorder. Suffer from overactive bladder but it's adequately treated. I don't drink, smoke, or use recreational drugs.

Article: Hi all,
  
    I’m (30M) taking a whole host of meds for what feels like the entire gamut of mood disorders and my libido is… low/nonexistent and it’s definitely not helping my mood/mental health. Not to mention my relationship.
  
    Here’s what I’m taking:
  


    300 mg Bupropion
  


    20 mg Buspirone
  


    75 mg Lamotrigine
  


    20-40 mg Amphetamine/Dextroamphetamine
  


    I switched from fluoxetine to the bupropion because of the libido issues, but it only kind of helped. Then after starting on the lamotrigine they took an even bigger nose dive. After two months of the lakotrigine, I’m actually feeling better-ish and not completely controlled by my emotions (for the first time in my life) so I think I’d like to keep trying some kind of mood stabilizer.
  
    So here’s my question: I’m meeting with my psychiatrist this week, are there other drugs that I should bring up during my appointment that would have less significant effects on libido?
  
    Additionally, is there a specific type of specialist I should be looking for in town to address these concerns? Of course I can’t find a straight answer online.

Article: I'm 30F in the UK. Today I noticed a small lump on my face about the size of a pea. It's under the skin and flesh so you can't see it yet but I can feel it.
  
    It feels a little sore so whenever I run my finger on my right cheek this morning I feel it. It's firm and moves when I try to move it.
  
    I don't feel extreme pain, no fever or flu like symptoms. What could this be?

Article: I have a low tolerance for salt, whether eaten by itself, or as part of regular food. It makes me particularly tired and quite weak and it affects my concentration and memory, where the effects can linger for hours. Around 8 years ago, when I discovered that salt was an issue, and I've since restricted my diet to exclude foods with moderate to high salt content.
  
    I've never had high blood pressure, and pressure has been 120/80 for most of my life. And I also don't have any kidney issues.
  
    Age: 42, sex: male, weight 75kg, height: 1.75m, race: caucasian, duration 20+ years, appendectomy at 13, no current meds

Article: Hello,
  
    I am a 19-year old male who was diagnosed with congenital hypotonia due to extremely premature birth (spent the first two weeks of my life on a ventilator). I’ve never been provided information on how to treat it and was hoping an expert here would be willing to provide some information.
  
    I really appreciate whatever help anyone is able to offer.

Article: M33, overweight, smoker.
  
    So apparently no doctor can help, maybe someone here has an idea.
  
    I noticed kind of herpes similar rash on my nose and lips. Some cold sores on the tip of my penis aswell. End of september i got ill with bronchitis. Because of burning sensation in my throat i was tested positive for strep, so got antibiotics for 5 days.
  
    A doc assumed HSV2/shingles and gave me Aciclovir 800mg but that didnt help. Rash on nose and lips is ongoing with clear discharge.
  
    From end of september up today i have burning throat, burning lips, rash on my lip and on my penis plus lungs are weaker. For a week now my left ear is closing from time to time. Doc gave me now 20 days therapy of daily 200mg doxycyclin, i am on day 4 but no change yet.
  
    Tests: Strep and staph 1 week ago negative Hiv and syphilis negative 3 days ago Genital smear test negative for standard test, Urine quick test negative EBV was higher than usual, Cytomegaly Chlamydia pneumoniae positive No HSV Small Body count no findings
  
    Docs don't know about where my symptoms come from, only assumed chronical bronchitis and sent me to lung clinics,  i will be there end of month. Anyone any idea? Thank you.

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    My grandmother (72) was taken to ICU about a month agora due to aspiration of vomit and loss of conscious. Infection and effusion has been occured. During the ICU period doctors tried to wake her up but her blood pressure was rising abruptly when woken up. Recently they discovered an enlargement of ascending aorta and aortic calcification so she had an open heart surgery on November 10. After 48 hours she has not yet woken up. A Cranial CT has been conducted 3 hours ago but we cannot reach the doctor until tomorrow.
  
    She has been given Rentanyl and Fentanyl for almost a month before the surgery. I can provide the arterial blood gas results too.
  
    My question is, can anyone please interpret the CT for me so I can focus on studying my midterm or I am going to lose my mind till morning? I can send the images via DM. Thank you.

Article: General Info: Afab, no prescription medications (although it may be worth noting that I went off birth control about 4 weeks ago), take Magnesium and daily vitamin daily, ibs, sibo, GAD, and derealization
  
    Over about the past week, I've noticed that my vision is getting blurry. I know that you're probably thinking that I should just go get my eyes checked, but I just did and got a new prescription about 2 months ago. For about a month it felt like my vision was better but now it feels worse. I'm hesitant to get my eyes checked again if I don't need to since I don't have eye insurance (or whatever you would call it) but should I just get them checked, or could this possibly be something else? I read online that dry eye can cause blurry vision, is it possible it's something that simple?

Article: But it's not nearly enough, if I take two a day it last all day, most the time. But i can't take two a day everyday or my meds obviously won't last me all month... so I'm wanting to up the dosage to 30 mg a day instead of 15mg but I'm scared to ask because of the stigmas Dr's put on you and I've been the victim of this every since I can remember.  My primary Dr was nothing like this..but they recently left the practice becuz they moved outta state of course because I absolutely adored them!! Same thing happened to my Dr before this one. She was great as well and left :(  so now I'm waiting on getting another Dr in that practice I'm supposed to make an appointment to get one, I'm sure that will be a problem to when asking to up my medication they'll want me to make another appointment first.. I hate going in the office!! I have awful social anxiety! So I hate to go anywhere outside of my home and town. So appointments are important but so hard especially when I have to meet a new !Dr!! So because of all of this I'm worried about getting my adderall increased and what this new Dr might think or say. I don't want the xr caps I've tried those and they did absolutely nothing for me, it was day and night with the IR ones. I don't want them to take me off it. So what's your advice on trying to up my dose of adderall? I'm a ball of nerves!!! TIA

Article: Hi, guys.
  

    So I know about alcohol intolerance, especially since googling my issue always leads me to articles about this. But I'm wondering if this is exactly the same thing I'm experiencing.
  

    To summarize, I drink very rarely, and when I do I go all out. I generally drink at least 5 shots, usually more. My drink of choice is whiskey, neat, although sometimes I'll drink rum, also neat. I have noticed a reaction to some beers as long as maybe 7-8 years ago, but when I went to Germany I drank beer there and never had a reaction. I drink beer even more rarely (maybe once a year if that) so I never pay attention to what kind of beer causes a reaction, all I know is that I drank a huge glass of Pilsner in Germany and had no reaction. This reaction I'm about to describe which happens after I get drunk off of usually just whiskey or rum just started happening very recently- like within a few months, although my body may have changed earlier as I haven't gotten that drunk in a good while.
  

    Anyway, the symptoms I'm experiencing are very stuffy nose as early as a few hours after I start drinking. Then the entire night I'm up with a constantly runny nose. The past couple of times I had to take a sedative or I would not have gotten to sleep from sneezing and nose running. I know what a hangover is and this isn't it. I am very good about drinking a lot of water and taking an aspirin before going to sleep and rarely wake up with worse than a slight headache. Even when I'm feeling these cold symptoms I don't feel nauseous, my head does hurt but I think it's just from the allergy/cold and not being able to sleep from that.
  

    The last time I went I took some antihistamine (20mg cetirizine hydrochloride) right before going out, was only out drinking about 4-5 hours, and I still was laid out the whole next day as though I had allergies.
  

    I think an allergy is a fair explanation as I have very bad allergies to cats and dogs and dust mites and the symptoms seem similar. I've had cat allergies my whole life and more recently I've noticed it getting worse. I will sleep at my mom's house who has a cat and the next day be the same as I described with the alcohol - snotty and runny nose and sneezing all the next day. And I will sometimes take 40 mg of antihistamine throughout the day I'm there and 20mg when I wake up and it doesn't seem to matter. I will also take other types of antihistamine such as benadryl and zyrtec and none of them seem to work better than the other.
  

    For the record I have just started taking allergy shots a couple of weeks ago for cats, dogs, and dust, but I never asked about alcohol. It didn't seem to be on their list of things they were testing for. I will ask my allergist his opinion next time I see him but I'd love more opinions from you guys.
  

    This is really bothering me as I'd like to be able to have friends over and go out and not worry about having to rush home and recover in a few hours and for an entire day or more afterwords. Is there anything I can do about this? As I said I don't drink much but I'd hate to lose the ability to go out and have fun every once in a while. I know allergies can develop over time but is that what this sounds like to you?
  
    If it matters, I am a 31 year old female, 5'6" about 200 lbs
  

    Thank you very much in advance.

Article: Toxaprevent 3x a day
  


    PEA 600 (600mg capsules) 1x a day
  


    Vitamin D3 (5000iu) 1x a day
  


    NAC (500mg) 1x a day
  


    Astaxanthin (5mg) 2x a day
  


    Selenium (200?) 1x a day
  


    Lycopene (25mg) 1x a day
  


    Milk Thistle(400mg) 1x a day
  


    And Luteolin / Rutin 1x a day**
  
    I take those supplements above for a condition called MCAS over the course of the day. My anxiety is very very bad so am hoping it would be safe to take Propranolol while on these supplements?
  
    Male, 25, 200 pounds.

Article: If this is inappropriate topic for this subreddit just let me know and I’ll take it down.
  
    So I (18f) have never really been an anxious person but on the 27th October I tried weed for the first time with some friends. This resulted in around 1 hour 1/2 of hallucinations were I was crying, laughing and hitting myself while the world warped.
  
    Ever since then I’ve had these short bursts of paranoia that at most last around an evening that revolve around circles, God and death.
  
    Last night, I had the physical feeling that my soul had left my body and later on I was convinced that sometime in august - where my metal heath had taken a turn for the worst - I had been replaced by the dark when I’d been in the dark and I’m currently the replacement and the circles have been trying to evict me from earth as I’m not suppose to be here and in a last ditch effort to save the mishap have revealed themselves to me.
  
    There’s still some lingering anxiety around it but I know it’s ridiculous.
  
    I don’t know if it’s relevant but I was briefly put on sertraline after a suicide attempt but stopped after 14 days as it would give me short burst of extreme happiness which would make me too impulsive.
  
    Just want to know if I ignore it will it go away?
  
    Thanks :)

Article: I am (20M) 5,8
  
    230lbs
  
    Mexican American
  
    Sexually active (always with a condom)
  
    No stds
  
    Have not had any surgery for the past 13 years
  
    Last time I had surgery it was literally just for my tonsils
  
    No recurrent cancers in my family
  
    Uncle on dads side had a brain tumor ( he is alive and good)
  
    Both great grandparents died of colon cancer
  
    My Uncle from my moms side died of leukemia, never knew the cause, literally no one in my family has or had leukemia
  
    No types of bladder, prostate, or kidney cancers run in my family.
  
    Back in January, I went for my yearly check with my doctors, and everything went well, they made me do a urine sample and when I was peeing in it I had a black speck in there, didn’t think much about it I thought it was just lint or something fell off my shirt or something. I go back a week later and the doctor tells me they have found microscopic blood in my urine. I freak out and the doctor asks me if I have had any other symptoms or pains and literally the only pain I had was a bit of back pain that would come and go, I thought it was just because I was always sitting down. I leave freaked out and the first thing I think about is cancer. I go home and I start checking my pee for the next couple of weeks it looks normal, but again the black specks are there, I decided to pick one up and squish it and it looked like a bit of blood came out, I started freaking out more. Conveniently after a few days, I got a UTI and I got on medication which was just Cipro and Azo. My doctor asked me when I went to the office if I had sex the first time I went to the doctor in January and I said yes, he asked me if it was rough and I said yes. He said that that was most likely my cause of blood in urine, and also because I literally did it a day before my appointment. I then asked him about my recent urine culture and he said that no blood came out at all, I took 2 urine cultures and he said that nothing came out and that i was okay, around that time I was having 0 sex. A couple of months passed by and I was doing perfectly fine, up until late October of this year, I got what I think is a UTI and I tried to call my clinic to make an appointment but they were completely booked, so I had no choice but to just drink a lot of cranberry and cranberry pills and within a week I was perfectly fine already. My symptoms lingered for about a week but I feel much better, I think my symptoms completely stopped like 4 days ago, I had the same issue with the UTI last time, my symptoms lingered for a week and then they just disappeared. Ever since I have always had back pain, not just on one side, I now have it on both sides but I think I know what the cause of that back pain is, and I think it is because when I sit I always sit with my legs up, and it starts to hurt until I get up and move around. The back pain used to be one-sided back in January and now it's just the lower back when I am sitting, but like I said, it is completely random and it stops when I stand up. Now, yesterday I was peeing and I had these black flakes in my urine after I masturbated, and a black speck came out, I picked it up with toilet paper and I squished it and it was red, I am now freaking out because I am hypochondriac. The days before I had sex, i have sex with my girlfriend almost every week and day, we are heavily active, but sometimes i feel like i am going to hard when i am having sex with my girlfriend and this happens. I have never seen actual blood in my urine or I have never seen my urine turn red, brown, or pink. Literally, the only thing I have is specks in my urine. I am very afraid that i have something else other than Kidney Stones or an infection. I pee well, i have 0 pain when peeing, I do not have any fatigue, no pain when i masturbate, i stay pretty well hydrated with water, no bone pain, no discomfort, no frequent trips to the bathroom. The only thing I have noticed is that whenever I eat something greasy, like fast food or when i drink something heavy in sugar it tends to hurt my bladder a slight and i tend to pee out hot urine, not burning, just hot/warmer urine which causes a bit of discomfort. When i drink straight water and eat home made food i feel perfectly fine.
  
    Just for clarification
  
    January: I take my yearly check-up (no back pain)
  
    February: They tell me i have blood in urine (slight back pain on one side, only when sitting)
  
    March: I got a UTI, no blood in my urine at all (only in black speck)
  
    October: I get a UTI, home remedies, now doing okay
  
    November: I pee and i start seeing black flakes again after UTI, i pick one up and it is squishy and it turns red when i squish it.
  
    No types of bladder, prostate, or kidney cancers run in my family.
  
    (forgot to mention that in may or june i was masturbating and some brown semen came out and i think it was due to the Azo medication but sources say it is brown blood, only came out once, never again since)
  
    Also forgot ot mention, when i went to get my UTI checked out my doctor told me to stop masturbating too much and to stop having rough sex. The sex i had the day before my checkup was oral, and not going to lie my girlfriend did go a little rough on me.
  
    Regardless i am still super worried, i keep getting directed towards IC or Bladder, Kidney, and prostate cancer
  
    (i also forgot to mention that the last time i went to the doctors he said there was a bit of birbulin in my pee but that i should not worry, and that there was some fungi growing around the tip of my penis under the foreskin) I find it hard to clean underneath the foreskin so he said that too much smegma built up.
  
    (Btw this all started happening after i got covid in november of 2022, i started having weird stuff and changed happening to my body, i heard something about covid cystis so idk if it is that)
  
    Please respond to me, i am too scared to go the doctors.

Article: 31F, 5'7" 120lbs no medications, Northern Indiana, happened yesterday not sure what else the mods need?
  
Its a pictureof an intact Blood blister NSFW

Article: 30, female, 5’5”, 125 lbs. Previous strangulated hernia 3wks after birth. Years ago, I got a sonogram to diagnose a fat deposit hernia, not emergent but I think it’s been causing some mild digestive discomfort. Since I already know I have it, do I need to go to a primary care doctor again to get recommended for surgery? If so, will they make me get a sonogram again and send me through expensive appts just to get it done? I have insurance but a high deductible and just hate the run around to get something done.

Article: I recently (about a month ago) received a couple of small cuts on my pinky and ring fingers and I can no longer bend the fingers at the top knuckle closest to the finger nail. I went to the walk-in clinic but was told that it wasn't deep enough to have cut a tendon but I still cannot bend them at all. Will this be permanent?
  
Photo of the cuts a couple days after

    Male, 30 years old, 5'11, 203lbs, no medications.

Article: I've (33m) been having pain in my left side, below the last rib near the location of my spleen since last year. The pain is more of a pressure/discomfort and is usually very mild, although sometimes I feel an occasional stabbing or prickly sensation in the area. When it first started, I noticed any time I would lay on my left side I would feel discomfort in my rib in this location, eventually that stopped but I did start feeling it sometimes throughout the day.
  
    The pain comes and goes, sometimes I don't feel it for several days or sometimes I feel it several times a day many days in a row. I never wake up in the morning feeling the pain, it always begins after I get out of bed. For a while I had thought it began after eating, but sometimes I get it regardless. Physical activity usually makes the pain worse, and lately it also makes me feel sort of weak and gives me a sense of malaise. If I lay down, especially if I lay on my right side, I will typically start feeling better and the pain in my left  will often go away.
  
    I saw my doctor about this when first began, she did a physical examination of my abdomen and did blood work and told me she didn't seeanything wrong. She did bring up getting imaging but when I told her I lack health insurance she dropped that.
  
    I have been diagnosed with acid reflux and lactose intolerance, taking medication for the reflux and avoiding dairy doesn't seem to have any impact on the pain. I also thought it could be a build up of gas, so started regularly taking simethicone but I didn't notice any impact. Alka seltzers help some but I am fairly sure that's because of the asprin they contain and not the acid reducer.
  
    I'm unsure if this is related, but I have pain in my back in the same area, but closer to my spine and that has been occurring since I received a minor back injury that eventually healed.
  
    Any help would be appreciated, I'm at a loss with this and I feel like it's just getting worse.

Article: My wife (23F) had some blood work done Friday as a result of feeling tired since we moved cross country this summer.
  
    We got the results yesterday and the doctor’s office is closed until Monday - really just looking for some reassurance because we googled a little and a family member who is a doctor told us the results “would maybe lead her to think leukemia, but not to panic yet.” (Obviously we panicked)
  
    WBC - 3.9x10(9)/L RBC - 4.54x10(12)/L Hemoglobin - 12.7 g/dL Hematocrit - 39.6% Platelets - 172x10(9)/L Neutrophils - 37.9% Lymphocytes - 50.4% Neutrophils (Abs) - 1.48x10(9)/L Lymphocytes (Abs) - 1.97x10(9)/L
  
    Is this anything to worry about? What are likely to be next steps? This is really far out of my wheelhouse so I appreciate any advice.
  
    Sincerely,
  
    A very worried husband

Article: I [32F] recently bought my first flat, but it's on the fourth floor and there is no lift/elevator. I really want my mother [59F] to visit, but I'm concerned that it would be unsafe as she has angina and some other health problems such as diabetes. Would it be safe for someone with such problems to walk up so many flights of stairs? There are 8 flights (really it's 4 flights but separated into 8 smaller flights).
  
    For context, she gets out of breath walking, but her doctor says that's largely due to her prescribed combo of benzos and opioids interacting with each other and causing respiratory issues. She is also extremely inactive due to overall chronic illness, but she sometimes has huge bursts or energy where she gardens for hours on end (probably twice a week).
  
    My mum has angina, diabetes, menieres disease, high cholesterol, and fibromalgia. Medications she is prescribed: Diazepam 10-20mg daily, codeine 30mg 4 times a day, Metformin daily (unsure of dose), Sertraline 200mg daily, statins daily (unsure of dose).

Article: I'm 23/Female/244lbs/110-111kgs/ no smoker, occasional drinker (holidays, special occasions). I have family members who also suffer from this problem, (my grandmother)
  
    After I had my son my legs started to develop little veins which over time have become more noticeable and puffy.
  
    I was reading compression socks might help but I want to know what experts recommend. I know they don't go away but I just want ways to where I don't make them worse.
  
    Maybe even treatments that are proven to help reduce the amount of swelling. Please this has affected my self esteem tremendously.
  
    Edit: yes I'm aware I'm on the heavy side, I forgot to add I'm about 5'10 or 1.70m?
  
    I'm working with my doctor to lose weight, I was 120kgs after having my son.

Article: Female, 39, non smoking, healthy weight.
  
    Have had two bouts of mastitis in the past 4 months. I do have inverted nipples but haven just been sent antibiotics.
  
    Sure this is isn't normal and maybe they should look for the reason behind it. But where to start?

Article: I’m 31 yrs old and just this year my wisdom teeth decided to finally come in. I only had them on the left side, top and bottom. Both were impacted and the top one was coming out the side of my gum and rubbing the inside of my cheek, so I knew they needed to come out.
  
    I got the extraction 5 days ago, using only local anesthesia. The procedure was quick and easy for the most part, the most unpleasant thing I experienced was when the surgeon used that huge ass syringe to administer the anesthesia. Which I was told should wear off in 3-5 hrs. After 24 hrs my lower left half of my lip and chin were still numb so I started googling the issue and I was taken aback by the results indicating that I might have nerve damage. I freaked out and called my dentist who had me come in the next day. They basically marked the areas where I was still feeling numb and took record of it. My dentist (he didn’t perform the extraction, the surgeon who did comes into the office once a month) said it more than likely is the swelling and bruising compressing the nerve right now and I should wait about a month for the numbness to go away. He also recommended I take B vitamins to help with the healing process. They set up an appointment for next month, when the same surgeon will be back, and if I’m still having this issue they will evaluate for any serious nerve damage.
  
    Like I said, it’s been 5 days now and the numbness is still there. I started feeling tingling and weird sensations in my lip and chin area maybe two days ago so that could mean it’s healing? My concern is that the surgeon did some real damage here and I’m wondering how I should go about this to help myself in case I need to do something to fix it besides waiting. I know nerves take time to heal, and so far from what I’ve read, if the feeling hasn’t come back after 6 months it could mean permanent damage.
  
    Should I consult with another dentist/orthodontist or maybe even a neurologist? Is there a type of scan or test to determine the extent of sensory nerve damage?
  
    For additional context, my dentist never discussed the risks of nerve damage with me. I signed a waiver that mentioned possible nerve damage or complications with the anesthesia. I also had no idea that this type of procedure carries more risk and complications for older people. Also, I was prescribed an NSAID pain medication that’s supposed to help with the swelling as well. Should I consider taking some other kind of medication for the nerve damage besides vitamins?

Article: Hey there.
  
    I’m a college student (20, male, SEA(Asian), 169cm and 55kg). Used to smoke a lot but I eventually got into vaping and stopped smoking (I’m still dependent). Not taking any meds unless necessary (Fever, pain or sinus blockage). In these events i usually would take paracetamol and piriton.
  
    I noticed a few years back in high school that I was struggling to pay attention in class, and was missing out on a lot of stuff. The way I had to study is to isolate myself from all possible distractions. So i just locked myself in my room and studied in the dark. I still do that till this day. I would say it’s affective, just a lot of strain to the eyes and tiring (due to focusing). I also have a hard time trying to start any work due the energy it takes. It takes me like an hour or so to even start any type of work. That is if i don’t procrastinate. While trying to complete my assignments (reports), if I lose my focus or glance away for a bit, I will have a hard time finding where i left off. Starting my work and finding where I got lost on said work takes a considerable amount of energy for me to do so. It’s so tiring. I also have a hard time trying to find something on my screen as it is being told. Someone even told me where to look and still took a lot of time to find it.
  
    Could it be that I am a slow learner and my brain just needs more time to process information? Could it be that i have adhd? Is there actually something going on or am I just lazy?
  
    TLDR: Starting and keeping focus on work is hard for me as I’m easily distracted and it makes me so tired out of know where . I also have a hard time trying to find anything on screen even when it is obvious.

Article: Hi, basic info: 161.5cm tall, just below 60kg in weight, have been losing weight not on purpose, I don’t smoke, I used to, I do vape, and I have a lot of psychiatric medication, including my antidepressant: amiltriptaline Australia
  
    I’m having a really hard time. I’m struggling with daily drinking right now. Once I start, I’m told medically not to stop until I get into a detox, as I have a history of severe seizures from trying to reduce or stop at home.
  
    I know the alcohol is impacting my stomach,  it unlike ever before I’m being physically I’ll every day.
  
    Another new thing; I’m hallucinating. This has never happened before. I saw a monster with teeth eating a cloud in my cupboard, it was just sheets. I was found in an ally across the street because I tried to run away from whatever I was seeing. I also ran to the ally when I thought I was seeing a bird that knew everything about the universe.
  
    It’s been bad, and I don’t know what to do, my admission is potentially a couple weeks away, but I feel so unsafe, and I’m so scared of nighttime when I start seeing and hearing things like my ex r*pist outside. Help. What should I do?

Article: M26, diagnosed with Crohn’s disease since 2019 and being treated with Mesalamine 2G and 100mg Azathioprine
  
    2022 started developing some joints pain and diagnosed with peripheral + axial spondyloarthritis
  
    Medication changed to Methotrexate 20mg and 2G Sulfasalazine for around 3 months now..
  
    Still taking prednisolone as bridge therapy 5mg.
  
    I still have joints pain and stiffness in fingers, wrist, chest and jaw. Its lower but still present
  
    My rheumatologist is a bit lazy to change or do anything with medication.
  
    Any advice on which way shall I push my rheumatologist to?

Article: Hi everyone, I'm 25, Male, height 1,75m, weight 67kg, low blood pressure. I have fructose- and lactose intolerance, maybe histamine intolerance. So my diet is quite "special".
  
    About my problem: I often suffer from a burning sensation in my mouth or rather the upper part of the throat (I'm not wary of the exact terminology). Sometimes it's occuring right after eating salty dishes (even more so if the salt has been added after cooking/serving) then again it's also happening after not eating for longer periods (>3h) or totally random.
  
    I usually refer to it as hearthburn even though the burning/pain is never really coming from my chest. Lately it really starts to bother me.
  
    My diet: lots of selfmade bread, cheese, sliced meats, potatoes, rice, oats, veggies and some fruits.

Article: 34f white Worried about my blood. I went through some bad life issues and drank to numb the pain. Think I may have hurt myself.
  
    Ggt 356 AST 40 ALT 36
  
    Low white/red blood cells.

Article: Hi all,
  
    This started Friday after having taken a laxative on Thursday and it feels like it's continued to worsen.
  
    It started as lower left quadrant pain. Did not hurt when pressed, but does hurt when I bend over.
  
    It's a continuous dull pain that spikes ever so often.
  
    Now it feels more of a generalized abdominal pain but the spikes are mirrored on the right side as well.
  
    The right side of my chest has a dull pain when I breathe in now as well, and I overall just do not feel well.
  
    No temperature and heart rate is normal.
  
    I take buprenorphine daily and that is the only prescription.
  
    6 feet tall and 240 lbs, former smoker.
  
    Any suggestions on the next course of action?
  
    I don't want to go broke for the ER.

Article: [36 male, smoker, no drinking, no drugs. Anxiety/ptsd/depression/adhd - gabapentin, lexapro, benzo]
  
    As the title may suggest, I want to quit smoking. I'm not getting any younger and I'm sure there's damage already done after 18 years of this crap.
  
    What are some of the most successful ways you've had patients/family/friends/self quit smoking? I've been told Chantix would be a terrible choice for me.
  
    As always, any insight greatly appreciated.

Article: Hi. This post is probably going to be lengthy so I appreciate anyone who takes the times to read it. I am truly at the end of my rope.
  
    I am a 23 year old female. While my health has never been the most optimal, I was a functioning human being up until the morning of March 11th, 2020. I am not even exaggerating when I say that my entire life changed in the blink of an eye. I was fine, and then I wasn’t.
  
    I woke up with a really bad headache. It felt different than most headache’s I’ve had before. All I know is it was excruciating. I took some advil, hoping it would subside. But it never did. That’s right. I have had the headache every single second, minute, hour since 9:00 am on March 11th, 2020. It is the most debilitating thing I have ever experienced. I truly do not know how I’ve held on this long. No doctor has been able to figure it out. I’ve tried so many migraine meds, botox, nerve blocks, nothing helps. The pain does vary in severity throughout the day but it never goes below a 5 and it’s usually a 7-8. When it’s a 10, I am puking and contemplating ending my life. I do not sleep. My brain feels like it’s degenerating. I am in a constant fog. My cognitive decline is so bad.
  
    The headaches aren’t the only thing that happened. After that date, it seems like so many other of my body’s functions & organs started to decline. I developed POTS (diagnosed by a cardiologist) but that doesn’t explain everything. Whenever I stand, my entire world is spinning, my blood pressure drops, and my heart begins racing.
  
    My bladder doesn’t work right anymore. My bladder constantly hurts, is overactive, and I am incontinent. I can drink a few sips of water and my entire bladder seems to COMPLETELY fill up immediately after, which makes no sense to me at all. I leak so much. I feel elderly.
  
    Constant GI issues. I had GI issues prior to this date, but things are getting progressively worse to the point where I am literally scared to consume food. But I still do, because I need to f*cking eat. I just deal with the consequences. Severe esophagus burning, stabbing pains in my stomach, either diarrhea/constipation never normal stools. External hemorrhoids Always nauseous
  
    My joints and bones hurts so bad 24/7. I recently found out I have osteopenia but I don’t think that causes pain.
  
    I have a chronic wet/whooping cough, even if I’m not sick. I had this since I was younger but it’s getting progressively worse. I have so much difficulty breathing. The only thing I can think of that could possibly have caused this is that I had pneumonia twice, once when I was 7 and another time when I was 18. And bronchitis more times than I can count.
  
    In addition to my headACHE, I also have horrendous scalp pain. You know that feeling when you take your hair out after it’s been in a ponytail all day and your “hair hurts?” It’s like that but 30x more painful like literal burning. Any movement of my hair is so painful. I also have significant hair loss.
  
    This symptom has really started within the past 2 years, but all of a sudden my circadian rhythm completely changed. I am free running. My “sleep” schedule cycles around the clock but generally my body likes to be waking up when everyone else in the world is going to bed (11 pm - 12 am), and going to bed in the afternoon or early evening. I say sleep in quotations because I barely sleep. When I do, the quality is so poor and I constantly wake up. I’ve always been a night owl but this is horrendous and debilitating because no matter how much I try to fix it, my body keeps reverting back. I often go 24-48 hours without any sleep.
  
    Some other symptoms I have on a daily basis is chest pain, tinnitus, constant pins & needles/neuropathy throughout my body, declining vision, and vertigo.
  
    There are so many other symptoms but these are the main things. I’m crying as I type this because I don’t know what to do. I am on disability income, I cannot work, I cannot go to school anymore. My life came to a halt on March 11th, 2020. I’ve been to so many doctors for my headache especially and I’m at the point where I just want to give up. I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I am 23 and I had so many aspirations and dreams. Now I feel like a complete invalid. Useless. Not contributing to society. I don’t do anything. It’s extremely rare that I am able to leave the house.
  
    bone density scan results: https://imgur.com/gallery/wc47hOq

    head CTA results: https://imgur.com/gallery/IaBztgr

    brain mri with contrast results: https://imgur.com/gallery/Fffrdr6

    CERVICAL** spine mri myelogram results:  https://imgur.com/gallery/yi2uMSc (not sure what the findings mean on this one. doc never followed up about it)
  
    Any insight at all would be so incredibly appreciated. I just want to live again. Or at least improve my quality of life. I cant keep doing this.
  
    ETA:
  
    Doctors I have seen:
  


    My PCP, regularly
  


    Neurologist, I see him regularly.
  


    Pain management doctor, nerve blocks didn’t work
  


    Cardiologist, dxed me with POTS
  


    Neurosurgeon (because on a recent brain scan there was an unruptured brain aneurysm found that needs close monitoring)
  


    GI doctor
  


    Rheumatologist, diagnosed me with Ehlers-danlos but I truly don’t see how that explains the sudden shift in my health to this extent. She didn’t do any bloodwork for autoimmune disease for some reason.
  


    Neuro-ophthalmologist. Ruled out IIH. Even though my weight is fine, it was something my neuro wanted to rule out.
  


    Hematologist. Only thing that was found was very low ferritin which I have been taking iron for multiple months now, but no change in health.
  


    ETA:
  
    It’s really hard to describe my headache but I will try, if that helps. It basically feels like my head has a very tight band around it and my head is fizzling all over. Like a fizzy drink. and literal pins and needles throughout my entire head. Coupled with the aforementioned burning scalp
  
    I am 5’4 and 150 lbs currently.

Article: I am in shambles. I have been in the hospital for almost five days. Came in for a bad UTI. They needed to perform a cystoscopy on me and inserted a catheter before my procedure. They asked me twice if I was allergic to latex. I said yes. The nurse said “oh.. what kind of reaction do you have to it?” And I explained my hands/skin swells, gets blistery/rashy  and suuuper inflamed. I was supposed to go home 3 hours after my procedure. But then- the most unimaginable pain I’ve ever felt- and I’m tough. I’ve had my stomach cut open to remove a small melon sized cyst/my fallopian tube, I’ve had my spine FUSED, and I’ve had my tonsils out at 25 which was also veryyyyyy horrifying, but nothing like this procedure. Holy fucking hell. I didn’t know pain like that existed. I’ve never screamed that way. No one could touch me or I would spasm and scream at the top of my lungs. Well, the hospital had been extremely vague about my issues. I’m still here, still bleeding, unable to pee on my own at 30 years old. Today a friend came to advocate for me and the doctor finally admitted the first catheter put in was LATEX.  What the hell do I do? Is this what’s causing my to be in so much pain and lose so much blood? There’s not much online about this. Any help is appreciated.
  
    Edit: 30, F, Type 2 diabetes and High blood pressure. Both controlled with meds and diet. PCOS. Minor bladder issues (weak pelvic floor),ADHD, Anxiety.
  
    (Lisinopril, amplodopine, metformin,mounjaro, Ritalin, lexapro)
  
    Came in for a bad UTI. I was running back and forth to the bathroom constantly so they put in a foley. The blood was leaking everywhere because the nurse forgot to clamp one of the three. They were using the one with three to irrigate my bladder. Then I went into get my cystoscopy. They immediately told me they tok my catheter out and I just said okay because I didn’t know any better. I started having terrible pain shortly after the anesthesia wore off. Today one doctor admitted my first catheter was LATEX. I’ve been here wsy longer than I should and I’ve never been in so much pain and wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy.

Article: I 28F went to my male doctor once again due to heavy periods, cramps, etc. Even when I'm off my period it would immobilize me, causing me to miss work (once a week now at least) he has always declined referring me to other specialists. I wanted him to refer me to an obgyn, as well as someone who could help with mental health. He never refers me. I've been trying to find a new doctor for 4 years but he's the only one accepting patients...hmmm...
  
    Anyway, thats not really a huge part of the story but I did casually mention a partial hysterectomy (I just wanted him to know it's in my head for the future)
  
    I had to remind him I am only interested in women. There was a female student doctor who told me there's no one out there that would do that for me at my age and I repeated that I just wanted it to be known that I wanted it, and I understood it can't be now. And that I was gay. I don't want kids. My partner of 5 years does not want kids. We will not come up with the money to create kids and take care of them.
  
    My doctor asked the following qustions that I tried to order correctly:
  
    "How long have you been gay? How old were you?" "Have you been gay the entire time you've been my patient?" "How did you know you were gay?" "How many men have you been with?" "How many men have you been with before you were 18?" "How many women?" "Why do you like women more than men? Do you like women physical features more" "Have you been sexually abused by men?"
  
    By the end I was nearly in tears but I couldn't help but laugh and look at the female student doctors reaction. The male doctor said "naproxen, that's it" and the female student doctor said "we should get an ultrasound done" and the male doctor declined and left. The female student doctor dug into a drawer and pulled out a business card. And said "if you have any concerns with today call this number" and sent me on my way. I looked it up and it was upper management of the clinic I was at. She must have wanted me to report it?
  
    He has always made me uncomfortable because every time I see him outside the clinic, he wraps his arm around me and pulls me to his chest. I never considered it a hug. Just being inappropriate. He's asked for discounts where I work too. He knows I have anxiety and I've been trying to get over it for years. I think im over thinking but I just wrote it all out here...now I think im not overreacting at all. He always asks about me at my other family members appointments. My family thinks he's weird with me.
  
    Tell me I'm not crazy and that he's just weird?
  
    Edit: okay. I'll report him. I feel like this is something that is difficult for me to do as I see him outside of his job a lot. I don't want to speak to him ever again let alone confront him
  
    Edit again: the heavy cramping and bleeding has happened within the last 2 years but the last 3 months have been agonizing. There has been no ultrasound since my complaints. I was searched for endometriosis in 2016 because i bled out my belly button during and after my  period since puberty. They found and fixed a hernia near my belly button during the search, since then 0 bleeding from my belly button. But no endometriosis. This had nothing to do with my current doctor. But quite frankly I have dismissed the whole bloody belly button ever since the laproscopy as its been fixed.

Article: FINDINGS: Vertebral body height and alignment are maintained. No acute bone marrow edema. T2 hyperintense right renal lesion, favor simple cyst. Conus medullaris terminates at an appropriate level.
  
    T12-L1, L1-L2, L2-L3: No central canal neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L3-L4: Generalized disc bulge with facet arthropathy no significant spinal canal narrowing. Mild right neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L4-L5: Generalized disc bulge with central disc herniation and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy results in anterior impression on the thecal sac with mild to moderate central canal stenosis and mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L5-S1: Generalized disc bulge results in mild central canal stenosis and bilateral lateral recess stenosis as well as moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.....
  
    wtf does this all mean?

Article: I'm 27 AFAB, 5'6, 290lbs. Diagnosed with hypothyroidism, PCOS, Fibromyalgia, Aura Migraines, Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Multiple Vitamin Deficiencies, Anemia, and IBS (also DR considers me "medically sensitive" since I've had multiple bad reactions to medications OTC and prescription). Medications: Levothyroxine, DEPO Provera (shot form), Gabapentin (low dose to see if I can tolerate it), Topiramate, Propranolol, Cyclobenzaprine (as needed), and Promethazine (as needed). I also have an Albuterol inhaler just in case as well as some vitamins/a daily multivitamin.
  
    I've had a persistent cough since I was a child. It was productive and often lead to chronic respiratory infections that got worse during the spring and winter. I have chronic sinusitis (part of my obstructive sleep apnea) as according to my ENT my nose developed "too small". It's proportionate to my face but my nasal passages are small (no extra cartilage. just small). My tongue is also "too big" and gets stuck in the back of my throat at night, compounding the problem. I use a CPAP when the coughing isn't bad and it works well. I tend to have a lot of mucus in my throat at all times, usually due to the acid reflux. It makes it hard for me to swallow some days. Also my nose is constantly draining or becoming congested and while I've tried methods to deal with it, it's an uphill battle.
  
    THE ISSUE AT HAND: Over the past three weeks, I've been hacking up large chunks of white mucus. They're usually sticky or frothy. Sometimes they're like ropes that I've almost choked on trying to get out. I've had something similar when I had pneumonia in 2019. I'm not having any other sickness symptoms (no increase in frequency of my cough, no fever, no runny nose, etc.). I am nauseous and a bit more tired though, but with all my other conditions who knows why I'm tired and nauseous all of a sudden. However, sometimes when I take deep breaths I can hear/feel like a faint crackling. Also, right before the mucus comes up I get a chest pain that goes away once I've hacked it up. (Sorry I know this is gross).
  
    I'm starting to get concerned because it's different from the time I had pneumonia and it's not like any other time I've gotten sick. My COVID tests keep coming back negative too. I can't get an appointment with my doctor until the last week of this month, so I'm making this post more to ease my anxiety until then. I saw a pulmonologist in the spring and they ruled out asthma/COPD. I did have a few weeks of pleurisy back to back around the time of the Canadian wildfires and every time my body tries to push through a period I get a 48hr "flu" (which happened at the end of October) so I know that put a lot of stress on my system.  Literally as I'm typing this it's happening again. It's incredibly uncomfortable and I would like it to stop.
  
    I just can't figure out why this is happening. I've been looking at mucus color charts and wracking my brain to figure out why my cough is doing weird shit all of a sudden.

Article: I'm female and in my early 50s and have suffered with low iron levels, mainly around 11 but can go up to 20, which affects my energy greatly. This has been from before my periods that started at 12 to now where I'm about 3 years into my menopause. I'm currently on levothyroxine and HRT and have psoriasis. I take ferrous sulphate tablets fairly regularly. I've had low B12 levels, twice in the last 12 years, which required a course of injections and it is monitored yearly. I became vegetarian at 15 but do eat a lot of iron rich foods and started eating chicken and fish 20 years ago. I had a sample taken for bowel cancer recently which was negative. And also had a coeliac blood test in the summer which was negative. I'm sick of waking up feeling shattered every day of my life and this has been prior to being diagnosed with hypothyroidism which was 10 years ago. I'm a healthy weight and walk and run a few miles regularly as well as doing other sports. I slept well up until the menopause. I'm not depressed but I'm in the process of getting an ADHD/autism diagnosis and have been told by 2 clinicians that I probably have dyspraxia and hypermobility. Do I need further tests for why my iron is so low or  does every other ailment I have added together mean they make me tired? I don't think the hypothyroidism counts as much as this has been going on long before that diagnosis though I do recognise it impacts me now too. ETA: I had a gastroscopy 6 years ago and there were no issues detected.

Article: -33F -Canada 5"2 -Pre pregnancy weight 144lbs -Current weight 156lbs -17 weeks pregnant 2nd pregnancy -Just stopped breastfeeding 2 year old -Taking prenatals (pregvite) + extra folic acid due to tethered spine (received the surgery 3 years ago) -Taking Tylenol with caffeine for migraines -No other medications -Non smoker
  
    Since giving birth 2 years ago I have been extremely tired. I blamed it on pregnancy and giving birth, then breastfeeding. I have had multiple symptoms such as extreme fatigue, feeling of not being able to breath properly since my c-section, shortness of breath (reading a book to my daughter is even difficult), migraines, and just recently heart palpitations, memory impairment. I've been telling this all to my doctor for 2 years with nothing to come if it.
  
    I had blood work done Nov 9th and these amounts were flagged as low:
  
    RBC: 3.73 Hemoglobin: 114 Hematocrit: .341

Article: Hi, first of all english is not my first languge, so im very sorry for mistakes.
  
    Me- [25f] For a last month I have a troubles with my health, it all started with a pain in right lower abdomen. Doctors did x-ray, sono and found nothing, my bloodwork is ok. They thought I have apendicitis and sent me home. Right after that I got a reflux which moves acids from my stomach to esophagus, im burping all the time. Circa week ago I started noticing that the left side of my ribs is getting bigger and the pain moved from right lower part of my abdomen to the left side of my body. Yesterday I went to the doctor again, she did xray and sono again and again found nothing. Do you have any idea, what can cause this? I'll try to put some pictures in the comment

Article: My son is 2.5 year old male weighs about 37 pounds and about 3 ft tall he actually just lost 2 pounds since his last drs visit? He was born at 33 weeks via emergency c section because he was in distress and was in nicu for a month. He needed bilirubin on and off and oxygen for about an hour.
  
    He has since been pretty healthy. He did go to er about 2 months or so ago for an injury he got playing outside and they did a ct scan on him. Found swollen lymph nodes and the lymph node in his chest was enlarged. Pedals did cbc and said his levels looked good and that was that.
  
    Now he has started getting this marking on his chest. It is always on his chest. It is not raised, he does not itch it, and it goes away on its own. This has been accompanied by dark red very hot cheeks. His primary just said she didn’t know and to get more pics and sent us on our way.
  
    Does anyone know what this could be?

Article: I’m a 32F who has had migraines for a few years now. Just got my MRI results yesterday and it says extensive white matter abnormalities with several focal lesions. I’m scared this is going to be MS. I see a neurologist this week. Any experience with these abnormalities that end up not being associated with MS?

Article: Hello, im 23M and recently remembered an event that happened 7 or so years ago. When I was a teen (about 16 or so), I hit my head on top of the door and required 5 or so stitches. I'm wondering what type of stitches are used on the scalp (absorbable/non absorbable) because I remember I had an appointment for getting my stitches removed which I missed and never got another one. After that I never really mentioned it much again, as I remember me even going to the hairdresser once shortly after, and being too embarrassed to mention it, even while getting my hair combed and feeling immense pain as she went through the stitches with a comb. Is it possible that skin grew over them without any sort of reaction and that I still have them in my scalp years later?

Article: Age: 24 M Weight: 10 stone Height: 5’9 Medications: None
  
    I’ve been having this symptom for years now and it’s a constant backdrop of my life. I find it so hard to put into words, but I will try my best.
  
    It’s like an overwhelming irritability in my face and neck. My face feels really dry/tight, almost as if I had some sort of face paint on. Simultaneously, there’s a subtle dryness in my eyes and throat. In my neck it’s more like a restless/full feeling that urges me to stretch it.
  
    These sensations ebb and flow concurrently, and can linger for days. They feel like some sort of flare up, but I can’t quite put my finger on what triggers it. I have had plenty of blood tests and nothing out of the ordinary aside from slightly low b12, which i am now addressing.
  
    Any help would be much appreciated.
  
    Cheers.

Article: 21, F, 323 lbs
  
    Hi! I recently posted here regarding concerns about my status  as a pre diabetic and how I could find out my status so far, since I was diagnosed sometime in January. I was concerned because I haven’t actually been trying actively to make lifestyle changes, nor consistently. Starting November 11th, though, I made a complete 180. I started myself on a very low carb diet while still getting the calories and protein and fats I need, and started getting more than 8 hours of sleep a day. I also started drinking more than 32 ounces of water a day, and starting exercising A LITTLE. I weighed in at 329 on the 11th. Today, the 14th, I weighed in at 323. I’m only concerned because I have never lost that much weight that quickly. I was reminded by someone that two pounds of that could be fluctuating weight, so I really could have lost 3-4 pounds, but that’s still a little crazy to me. Should I be concerned? I’m feeling far better than I have in other news!
  
    PS: I get retested for diabetes early next week, so that’ll be when it’s actually confirmed

Article: Hi!
  
    I looked up this thread in hopes of finding some advice on how people manage persistent athletes foot and fungal toenails.
  
    I (22F) have had issues with both ever since I could remember. It has maybe been a year or so since I started to properly invest in footcare, and care about foot hygiene, and I have noticed that my usual symptoms of athletes foot (itchiness and flaky skin) have definitely gotten better. I have made sure to clean and dry them properly daily, and I use the lush "T for Toes" powder after every shower (it is infused with tea tree which I heard helps prevent fungal growth). Does anybody have any advice as to what other natural remedies there are available to me to help me get rid of athletes foot completely?
  
    Aside from this, I have really struggled to find the reasoning behind why the tips of my pinkie and big toenails are starting to turn brownish/yellow, and constantly have an unpleasant cheesy smell which I notice when I cut my toenails. I haven't been able to get rid of this smell.
  
    I know that this is also most likely caused by fungus, but I try to keep my feet out of my shoes and socks as much as I can every day to prevent fungal growth. I shower every day, sometimes twice a day. From what I know, my normal foot hygiene doesn't look much different to the average person, so I don't understand where I am going wrong. Also, does nail polish make this condition worse? I like to paint my toenails often.
  
    I would appreciate any advice!

Article: Hi docs! I’m Male, 35, 5”10, no drugs or alcohol, recently circumcised (4 days ago) due to phimosis, and I’m looking for some advice.
  
    It would appear that after my procedure, I’m healing well - I don’t see any complications arising so I’m really happy about that, but I want to ask about sensitivity.
  
    As expected, the head of my penis is incredibly sensitive right now, like I have to walk around with my wang out at all times because even underwear is unbearable, I have to be 100% friction free. I was wondering, would it be safe for me to put a small amount of germalene or other numbing cream on the head of my penis just to numb it a bit? I’ve also seen some sprays that are intended to delay premature ejaculation, if that has the same numbing effect maybe I could use that? If there’s even a remote danger, I wouldn’t consider it, so I thought I should ask here.
  
    Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

Article: I can't control what my body does at times. I attempt to resist an effect, such as reaching for a phone, walking into a store and taking product by actual movement of my body, stealing items from the house kitchen in similar fashion and my body just continues to move towards these actions and does them. What is going on? I am on Invega, does this have anything to do with it?
  
    Best,
  
    Yusef Kalam

Article: My mother gut makes me question my almost 4 year olds health and I am worried about being naive and missing something, I want to make sure I’m not.
  
    Background- Born healthy right before Covid. Aside from heart murmur that was benign, no concerns at all. All physical and emotional milestones normal. Only issues ever were constant ear infections and she got tubes. Extremely active family and very good healthy eater.
  
    A few months before turning 3 she got really sick. Assumed it was just a simple virus but after 2 weeks she got worse. Main concern was a 105+ temp, under armpit. Could not get temp below 103ish no matter what we tried. Spells of incoherency, vomiting, dehydration, everything under the sun. Pediatricians sent to ER 3 times within one month to get fluids/checked out. Never any new information provided and we would be sent home only for her to be just as bad within a couple hours. Day 27 in a row of temps above 105 (no longer than 2-3 hours max below the 104 mark) she was finally admitted into the hospital. She tested positive for 5 viruses including mono. This was after multiple rounds of oral antibiotics/steroids. Doctors said she just got really unlucky with a pile up of things at once. With constant IV fluids and antibiotics for 4 days, she still would not eat, slept 20ish hours a day, and her temp would never break for longer than a couple hours if at all. Doctors began showing a lot of concern and mentioning testing they were going to begin and how the process of elimination would work. Tested negative for lyme but did not make it to autoimmune testing because finally night 5 her fever broke. After 24 hours fever free we were sent home. She slowly but surely got better.
  
    Fast forward she’s now almost 4, it’s exactly a year later. She has gotten sick COUNTLESS times since this all happened. Every time, she seems so much sicker than any of our other kids. Her fevers also are always high (104,105)  and she can’t get out of bed. Even when our younger child has the same illness, she is wayyy worse.
  
    Peds have done blood work 3 times in the past year because of how sick she gets and they want to check her blood counts. They always say her blood counts are good give or take some minor things just due to the current virus, and that some kids just are like this.
  
    I’m just wondering if this is how things really are sometimes because I’ve never met another typically healthy child who gets this sick. I am not a doctor and have tried not to overact. But I want to make sure I’m not being naive or nonchalant.
  
    Typing all this while she has a 104.3 temp currently and some respiratory virus it seems. My 2 year old appears to have the same thing but no temp and is acting normal.
  
    Thanks to anyone who read this.
  
    Sincerely, a mama who loves her baby ❤️

Article: Drug test states “Tests performed/ 5DSP/No Thc/6AM/PHN” I did smoke about a month ago, but I’m worried about it popping up on the test, and I’m not sure whether “No Thc” means that I’m being tested to make sure there’s no Thc, or whether it means no thc test is being done? Thanks much

Article: A little background info. 19 years of drug abuse. Visited the ER last night on the tail end of a month and a half meth binge with chest pain, dizziness, anxiety, headaches, and difficulty catching my breath. Getting into treatment within the next few days. 5 year history of high dose methamphetamine binging followed by periods of abstinence. Drugs in my system when I presented to the hospital for chest pain were large amounts of methamphetamine, 1000mgs of Keppra, 10 mgs of propranolol, and several beers earlier in the day. Took 100mgs of quetiapine for sleep for 5+ years. Haven't taken it in several weeks. Feeling better today but worried for my health and doing what it takes to quit. Currently without health insurance but in the process of getting Medicaid. Wondering how badly I've fucked up my heart. I have other test results from the ER if needed and will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you
  
https://imgur.com/a/YtHWm15

Article: Pics in comments six months apart.
  
    TLDR; can these be some non cancerous growths? What else would cause this type of growths?
  
    I will be seeing a hematologists in January- (any advice?) and an ENT in feb (again any advice?) I am diagnosed with autism, hypothyroidism, gastroparesis, ehlers danlos hypermobility vs possibly another form pending genetic testing, sleep apnea (5 years on cpap now), PCOS, allergies, asthma, psoriasis and/or eczema (two diff doctors conclusions), GERD. undiagnosed but acknowledged dysautonomia, and suspected by myself specifically hyperadrenergic POTS. Suspected by myself and independently suggested by a rheumatologist was Behcets. Otherwise I personally suspect hypersensitivity/cutaneous vasculitis. My mIn differentials are Lupus, Vasculitis (Behcets vs hypersensitivity vs lupus assosiated) Lichen planus Crohns (highly suspected) Dermatomyositis Scleroderma A blood cancer or lymphoma, for at least 3 different risks/reasons- I suspected as paraneoplastic syndrome, then came up on wgs 30x, and then younger maternal first cousin diagnosed recently (w/o symptoms found due to pregnancy) Amyloidosis
  
    Treated issues- Vitamin d deficiency (extreme deficiency- unreadable. Take daily 2,000) Adenomyosis (hysterectomy in June) Anemia (iron infusions with rare phosphorus drop reactions and powder phosphorus supplementation required beforehand) Dermoid on ovary removed at 16 Tonsils removed at 9 Adenoids x2 (they grew back)
  
    Other issues mildly high WBC for over a year usually 12-13, history of previously normal wbc’s. Nothing particularly hurting or infected to explain it. (In the past last year a spike of 17 a few weeks before to 21 with random kidney infection diagnosed; oddly without lower UTI and zero history of any UTI, and with some kind of staph something, I’d have to go look-but not the usual E. coli for uti, and recent unexplained wbc spike to 16) mostly lymphocytes, monocytes and neutrophils and it’s been a couple years now elevated. High sed rate, high CRP, high alpha 1&2 globulins. High cholesterol since discovered as 14/15 year old. Treated and lower now
  
    My meds: AM-synthroid(levothyroxine), protonix(pantaprazole), Wellbutrin (bupoprion), zyrtec (Ceterizine) twice a day, PM- singulair(montelukast), 2,000 vitamin d, and 10mg Lipitor(atorvastatin) , Clonidine as needed for anxiety- from 1x/week to a max of 4/5 day/week of the .1mg. I also smoke cannabis daily, entirely that I grow myself, no pesticides or “extras”, basic nutes, greenhouse and predatory insects like ladybugs etc to control pests/mites. Smoke about 6-10 joints a day. Occasional Aleve about 1-2x/week max

Article: Over a month ago I ( 30F ) got sick. A week and a half later I had to go the hospital where I was diagnosed and treated for pneumonia.
  
    Later on my doctors told me that if I had waited just a little longer I would have ended up on the intense care unit instead.
  
    Anyhow I'm now out of the hospital for over two weeks and while my overall health increased drastically I still feel my heart racing, my pulse is always up and I run out of air easily, I'm condtantly tired and I find it hard to focus. Any idea how much longer this will last? I have a feeling I'm somehow stuck at my current level.
  
    Plus I'm supposed to start work again in 2 weeks. Is it realistic? Is there something I should do to speed up the processes/something to avoid despite the obvious like going to the gym?
  
    Despite the above I am healthy, take no medication and I don't consume any drugs including cigarettes. Thanks in advance.

Article: I am a 20f and I often get really bad pain in my one or the other of my arms around my elbows. The pain feels really deep in my arm and elbow. The pain is accompanied by my arm swelling, turning bright red and feeling hot to the touch as well as it feeling to me like my arm is radiating heat, and sometimes having difficulty moving my joints in the affected arm. My arms also turn like a splotchy purple sometimes. Flares last from several hours to several days and the pain can get unbearably bad. I have been to several doctors but no one has been able to come up with any idea of what might be happening, I have seen my primary doctor, a rheumatologist, a dermatologist, been to urgent care and the ER. I also have pots, narcolepsy, chronic migraines, and possibly fibromyalgia. I take sertraline, metoprolol, corlanor, rizatriptan, and flexoril. I have had blood work done several times, it's usually almost normal with a couple things mildly elevated, I also had a skin biopsy during a flare that was almost normal. This started about a year ago now, I can't think of anything that makes it start, nothing I eat, drink, touch, or anywhere I am, it just pops up randomly. Ibuprofen or Tylenol don't really get rid of the pain when it is bad. I am just looking for any ideas of what it might be, what I can do, or who I should talk to about this.

Article: Hey, 23M, 72kg weight, around 175 height , I've been experiencing strange symptoms for about 3 years, and over this period, quality of my life has been progressively worsening.It all began with minor sleep issues. Initially, I'd sleep 8-9 hours but still feel the need to nap during the day due to excessive sleepiness. Currently, after three years, it has escalated to a point where I sleep up to 10 hours and still take short naps during the day, leaving me with no energy to function.Concerning sleep itself, I encounter strange hallucinations before falling asleep and during naps. I hear sounds, sometimes see things, as if I'm already asleep and dreaming even though I haven't fallen asleep yet. Additionally, about once every two weeks after waking up, I experience an olfactory hallucination – I smell an odor that doesn't exist. This happens after sleeping and lasts about 30 minutes to an hour (with the smell appearing for a few seconds intermittently during this time). I feel like I recognize the smell but can't name it, and it triggers a peculiar sensation in my body, often followed by slight twitching and intense coldness.Typically, when this smell occurs, my teeth and tongue ache the entire day (I also wear dental braces). Upon waking up, I frequently have vision problems, as if someone dropped a stone into water and made waves in it, blurring a point in my field of vision. The pulsating blurred spot in vision happens in the same spot in both eyes and subsides after a few seconds.I've observed that I remember a significant number of dreams (4-5 per night), and they are highly realistic and vivid. Occasionally, during a dream, I wake up to a loud ringing in one ear; it becomes 'quiet,' and I feel faint for a few seconds. All these symptoms, except for the ringing in the ear, occur only during sleep or immediately after waking up.As the quality of my sleep has significantly deteriorated, I lack the energy to function daily. I constantly feel the urge to sleep, and I'm starting to experience job and relationship losses. I have no idea which doctor to consult or what to investigate.The tests I've undergone so far include:MRI and CT of the head – clear.Vision tests – vision is clear, with no issues in the eye itself and its nerves (the doctor suggested that visual problems might be caused by something else in the body).Polysomnography – 5 AHI/hour, indicating very mild apnea. CPAP was tested but did not help.EEG for epilepsy – no abnormalities detected after a normal night's sleep.I would appreciate any assistance or guidance on where to go or what to investigate. Thank you in advance for any help.

Article: Hello,
  
    General info - Height: 5'1" Weight: 145lbs No smoking or recreational drug use. <1-2 cocktails a week.
  
    In September of 2022 I had a Kyleena IUD inserted. I was awake for the insertion and felt the typical amount of pain described. Afterward, I experienced severe cramping and minimal bleeding for a few hours. Beginning about 48 hours after the insertion I began having episodes of severe, sharp pain on the lower left side of my pelvis, just above and to the left of my pubic bone. The episodes would occur ~3-4 times daily and would last from 2-15 minutes each time. The pain was severe enough to cause me to have to sit on the ground in a huddle position in public, and affected my ability to perform my job.I brought this up to my OBGYN during the 4 week follow up visit, but I was told this was cramping, was normal, and would subside.The pain did not subside, and the episodes maintained the frequency mentioned above.On February 20, 2023 I saw a different OBGYN and described the issues I was having. She stated perhaps the IUD had shifted and this was the cause of the pain.She removed the IUD during that appointment.All pain episodes immediately stopped.I did not return to any form of birth control following this.
  

    On September 8, 2023 I experienced a miscarriage of a very early pregnancy (7 weeks). Following this I  continued to have bleeding/spotting and had a D&C performed on November 10, 2023 to remove tissue that had not been expelled during the miscarriage.During this procedure, my doctor recommend we try again and insert another IUD. OBGYN said it would be easier to place the IUD while I was already under general anesthesia for the D&C. This time I received Liletta.All was well. No complications in healing were noted following the procedure.However, again, beginning within about 48 hours after the insertion I am feeling the same exact pain as last time in the same exact spot.My main concern: I will spend another 5 months having multiple severe pain episodes a day with OBGYN telling me that it will subside.This pain does NOT feel like cramping. The pain is sharp, concentrated, and always in the same spot.Any ideas that I could suggest to OBGYN to work past this issue? IUD is the ideal BC for me at present, so I would like to keep it if I can.

Article: Age: 27
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 5'9"
  
    Weight: 160lb
  
    Race: White
  
    Duration of complaint: Every now and then for years
  
    I just pulled out a strangely thick hair-like object from my right eyebrow. It seems to come back in the same spot every few months or so, usually with me noticing a little bit of pain in the center of my eyebrow and a bristly-like object just beginning to poke out. The base of it is seems a little sticky. Comparison of normal eyebrow hair next to the thick hair in the photo below.
  
    Is it pili multigemini? Something else?
  
    Photo: https://imgur.com/a/nfhyRis

Article: I’m 24F, he’s 19M, 5’7, 94 pounds.
  
    I’ve been in and out of the hospital with my little brother for the past 3 months due to sudden onset of dyspnea, voice hoarseness, and widespread muscle weakness. Other symptoms include widespread twitching (which he says feels like muscles vibrating and he has small involuntary movements that accompany them).  Any joint hurts after using it (fingers, ankles, knees mostly).
  
    Here’s some clips on what his muscles do when he contracts them: https://imgur.com/a/sS2d250

    Me and our brother are his only support system and I’d like to know what’s going on with him. We’re in South America where healthcare is very low quality. I’m spending all my money in taking him to the best places possible but nothing helps.
  
    For 3-5 years before this episode, his only symptoms were waking up with very painful cramps on both his legs, and would get painful jaw cramps when yawning. He’s always been very uncoordinated. He also has a history of being underweight, malnutrition and persistent mouth/tongue sores with recurrent respiratory infections (mostly sore throat and stuffy nose, no coughing or fever).
  
    Tests/Results:
  
    Neurological testing revealed hyperreflexia, spasticity in legs, positive Romberg and heel-to-shin test, positive babinsky and hoffman. He has abnormal gait and when he walks, he moves his entire torso forward and backward. If he stands with his two feet together and eyes open, his entire body starts losing balance and then starts wiggling sideways and forward/backward again. If he sits up straight with his back/neck stretched out, he stars falling to the right side. finger-to-nose test was normal.
  


    Tested negative for all autoantibodies (scleroderma, lupus, myositis, vasculitis). CRP and ESR within normal limits. Normal CK enzyme.
  


    MRI of brain and spine showed no lesions but “abnormally enlarged ventricles taking into account patient’s age”.
  
    EMG was done on four limbs but no paraspinal/bulbar muscles and showed “Results within normal limits. Discrete fibrillations and increased insertional activity found in right trapezoid and deltoid muscles” which both the neurophysiologist and neurologist disregarded as incidental findings. Motor and sensory NCS was normal.
  
    His neurologist told me (and I quote) she is “stumped” with his case and she said she’d look for second opinions. It’s already been 2 weeks almost, and I’m tired of waiting. There are no appointments available with anyone else and I’d like to have a hint of an idea of what’s happening to him.
  
    I’m not in the US so there are no specialized clinics here or anything like that. She’s trying to get an appointment for us with a neuromuscular specialist but they are extremely scarce and the dude said he couldn’t see us cause his schedule was full for that week.

Article: 41F - Contrast CT b/c mild stomach discomfort and flank pain on both sides
  
    Multiple hypodense lesions present scattered throughout the liver.  The largest in the left lob segment 11 measures 1 cm and appears to show peripheral nodular discontinous enhancement.  A second lesion near the dome of the liver also appears to show nodular enhancement.  There is no intrahepatic or extrahepatic biliary dilation.
  
    Impression - Multiple hypodense lesions within the liver as described are not fully characterized on single phase exam but appear to represent hemangiomas.
  
    I spoke to radiologist and he said he saw a total of 5 lesions.  The other ones not mentioned were tiny and very hard to see the peripheral enhancement on venous phase.  Having said that, he could see a hint of nodular peripheral enhancement on one of the tiny ones.  The largest of the small ones is 3/8 so very hard to see.  He said he is 99.9% sure they are all hemangiomas and not to worry but did say I did a MRI liver mass protocol for a definitive answer.  I said could this be METS and he just said, it is not Mets.
  
    Of course, I am worried. Does what he said sound correct? Could the ones he saw with peripheral enhancement be hemangiomas but the others not? Is it concerning to have 5? What are your thoughts? The thought of waiting weeks to get back in has me stressed.

Article: I, 25F have sharted (shit while farting) I’d say 3 days in the last month.
  
    Not consecutively and not all day the first 2 times. This last tame started yesterday. I took a BM early at work. I wipe until the TP is white and I continue on my day. But the entire day upto and including this morning, if I fart i will end up wiping my ass like I left it dirty. Its happened every time I’ve gone pee.
  
    I can’t find any rhyme or reason. I started changing my diet and eating healthier about 4 months ago. I usually only eat 1-2 meals a day. And I eat the same things: grapes, apples, bananas, peanuts, cashews, strawberries, ice cream, pretzels and chips for snacks; stir fry, pasta, eggs with a carb, Thai curry, for meals (lunch options are limited around here.) there’s been no real change since this started happening other than we stopped getting Indian food every Friday this past month (samosa chaat and chicken tika Marsala) and Halloween candy.
  
    I take birth control and smoke weed 2-3 days a week to help with my muscle pains. I have fibromyalgia, anxiety, depression and OCD. My BM has always been a little weird. I only poop once every 2 days or so, but I’ve pooped 4 times in the past 2 days. I feel gross and dirty and like I can’t keep myself clean

Article: Age 28
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 5,7
  
    Weight 220
  
    Race White
  
    Few days ago I had a bad panic attack and couldn’t get my heart to slow down because it was beating really fast..after a few hours It calmed down to normal but ever since my chest has been sore should I go to the er and get it checked out?

Article: My mom (female, not smoker, going to turn 50 soon)  has immense headaches on regular basis. Currently, she had been feeling pain constantly for few days, she said that it's in the front part of the skull above her left eye to around the half of her sculp. Today, as I am writing this, the pain is so immense she can barely do anything. She has been to the doctor, neurologist, and he told her that she has 3 types of headaches at once but he didn't really help much, just gave some pills to ease the pain, not to actually treat the headaches. I want to really help my mom, do u have any suggestions, ideas, anything that could help her?

Article: Age - 35
  
    Sex - Male
  
    Race - White
  
    Weight - 230
  
    Duration - 1 week
  
    Medical History - Anxiety, Depression, ADHD
  
    Current Meds - Wellbutrin(200mg), Venlafaxine (35.5mg)
  
    I recently had Venlafaxine added to my prescriptions I am taking. I haven't been sleeping very well (just not feeling tired, constantly feeling wide awake) which I knew could happen, that's all fine and good. I am a bit jittery as well, with the inability to really sit still. The weird thing I'm having though is that I feel like I can't control my hands at times? I don't really know how else to explain it... Basically, my hands will just grip really hard while being extremely shaky. It doesn't last long, maybe 3-5 seconds when it does happen, but it is very unnerving when my body is doing something like that without me consciously trying to do so. Is this a normal side effect? Is this something I should bring up with my doctor? Or is it just part of the jittery-ness that will likely subside after getting more used to the medication?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 19M, 5'6, 66kg. The only existing medical issue i'm aware of is scoliosis and low blood pressure. I don't drink, smoke or use drugs, and i'm in Italy.
  
    I'm unsure when it started exactly, but it has probably been atleast 6-8 months. During the day i'm usually doing various things and don't think about my water intake nearly as much as i should, but more recently i've been noticing how i'll have a 1,5 liter bottle of water sitting by me for multiple days. The only time where i drink a bit more is when i go to the gym, and at best it's half a liter. I don't drink soda, and whenever i do push myself to drink some water, not too long after and i pass it right out with clear urine as if i was drinking too much.
  
    This would all be fine and dandy to me even if a bit weird, but i've been noticing how every now and then i just have moments of extreme lightheadedness, weakness and confusion that have never happened to me before, and could only connect it to my water intake since i've had blood pressure problems since forever and its never done this.
  
    If i try to drink past a certain amount of water i'll literally have to go to the bathroom multiple times in the same hour, and it also doesn't feel good at all. The only reason i haven't gone to get this checked out is because it's not a problem that impacts how i feel all the time, it's just sometimes i have these weird moments that i described earlier.
  
    What should i do?

Article: Hello all, I’ve (M25) been seeing multiple ENT specialists and primary care doctors for this issue and none of them have turned up any useful information the entire past year, so I turn to you for help with my next steps.
  
    My primary issue is that on both sides of the center of my throat, there is something causing clicking, and it causes me sharp and also lingering pain, and can even get so bad as to cause headaches and nausea from time to time just because of how uncomfortable I become. After doing research I’m unsure what it is aside from possibly something called a clicking hyoid, and even then I’m not sure because I worry they could be lumps of some kind.
  
    I’ve gotten a CT scan, ultrasound, and x-ray of my neck and upper body and they pulled up nothing, so is it safe to rule out cancer or anything just yet? The doctors seemed to think so.
  
    Another issue I’m having is with lots of mucus buildup and foam in my throat. Sometimes this makes it difficult to burp and it sometimes even feels like my airways are being constricted while I lay down. I also have issues with snoring and am unsure if these are related to either of the above.
  
    I have no prior history of medical issues, though my mother has had breast cancer.
  
    Thank you for any advice you can give, it would really help with figuring out what is going on with me!
  
    Edit: I’m 5’ 11” and ~235 lbs. in case that information is relevant!

Article: Hello, I'm lance, male, 20 years old. I have this red spot on my finger, I recently got into an accident where the middle of my nail is cut along with my nail fold. I don't know if its a dried blood on my finger but no matter how many times I wash it, it stays there. And I'm overthinking if its a mole? Like melanoma haha

Article: Hey all. End of September I was dealing with Covid for the 2nd time, and I primarily dealt with upper respiratory and acid reflux. A week or 2 after recovery, morning after eating pizza it’s like a switch has flipped. I had intense bloating and abdominal pain, burning, sweating, no appetite, throat felt full, and I panicked.
  
    Prior to this experience, I also began to have anxiety out of nowhere. I have never dealt with it but it came out of nowhere. I feel like it also spiraled me into this. I decided to go to my urgent care clinic, and the doctor there checked my vitals and gave me an EKG which was good. She suspected it to be acute gastritis. So she prescribed 20mg of omeprazole. I took it for about 4 days and I wasn’t feeling any better, so I finally decided to go to my PCP. I was starting to lose weight from not eating, and he was concerned so he ordered some tests. I got my bloodwork done and everything was fine, just a low AST value which probably meant my vitamin B was low. Also my IGA level was a little low but my TTG IGA antibody was perfect.
  
    Stool test as well, tested for H pylori, celiac, calprotectin, parasites, etc. Those results also came back normal. So at this point I’m just at loss. I was hoping for a positive for h pylori so I could finally just treat myself. Then I had a whole ordeal ordering my CT scan bc my insurance said it wasn’t “necessary”. Finally got it though and it’s tomorrow, but I’m just freaking out. Past few weeks I have tried hard to stick to a bland diet, had some minor setbacks thinking I was better since I felt good for a few days. Had black pepper the other night and it absolutely destroyed me.
  
    I’m constantly weighing myself and have become a hypochondriac because I just want an answer. I’m always looking at myself in the mirror. It’s not like I’m a twig right now, I’m 5’10 177 currently (used to weigh around 183-185). But I myself notice it. I’m constantly looking for reassurance from my mom, who is a nurse, and my girlfriend.
  
    I just feel weak overall and have 0 motivation. I like to stay home all day and dwell in my room. I want this to be over and I want to have my life back. I will say my diet prior to this was not great. As a college student who commutes an hour to school, I would go without eating the entire day until I got home and absolutely gorged into the food. I was also infamous for eating super late and laying down right after eating. I also used to drink seltzer drinks a lot, no soda though.
  
    Some of my symptoms have subsided. But I wake up in the morning with intense anxiety and some nausea. Deal with acid reflux occasionally so I take famotadine for that. I just want a fricken answer, not sure if it’s gerd, gastritis, or both idk. If my CT comes back clean I don’t know what to do. I might try to push for an endoscopy but they are literally months out which is ridiculous.
  
    I’ve also been dealing with muscle twitching lately, in my right arm, eyelid, legs, feet, etc. I stopped taking my multivitamin because it has citric acid and sugar, which I feel like would cause me to flare up.
  
    If anyone can relate or just provide some guidance, it would be greatly appreciated. Sorry for the long shpeel!

Article: F21 recently i’ve been waking up in the middle of the night, with a sharp stabbing pain on the left side of my chest. It usually goes away within a minute or two and i can’t barely remember waking up from it anymore.
  
    when the pain goes away i fall right back asleep. It doesn’t happen during the day at all either. As far as i can remember it’s usually once a night, every night.
  
    I’m not sure what would cause this? I get heart palpitations during the day and i do have some stomach issues but it feels nothing like that and it’s painful enough to wake me. Thoughts?

Article: It's been a week later and I struggled to fall asleep until 6:00am this morning and now I'm barely up drinking tons of caffeine to wake up and I can't even keep focus in my morning meetings. This has been my routine for 2 years now. I can't keep it up. I'm going to break.
  
    Located in Canada 32yo and desperate for answers cause right now I'm really upset and feel trapped in a medical spiral. I can't function like this much longer, I'm begging for help at this point. I'm not getting answers anywhere and I'm literally crying into a void I feel so helpless so yeah I'm gonna ask here cause it seems everyone thinks I just want to get "JACKED" and be "HARD"... I'm just a regular everyday nerdy guy I haven't even been to a gym in YEARS!
  
    I really do not understand why I wasn't given HRT a week ago and want to know why I wouldn't be given it when I'm quite confident I am the ideal candidate right now. (I don't want to even call it TRT-- I'm not a gymrat, I'm the furthest thing from a bodybuilder, I'm not looking for sports performance, I'm looking to be able to function in my day to day! I'm a NERD!!!).
  
    It sounded more like he was worried about my little bit of body fat and wanted to put me on ozempic. (I have no chin due to severe underbite I've always had my entire life and had to shave for a different thing, so I had no beard to hide my lack of chin so my bit of weight looked way heavier on me than it is. I'm ~220lbs right now at 5'10 and a shoulder span that fits a door I'm not a small dude even if I was anorexic and I was once upon a time) Frankly ozempic scares me a lot more than TRT based on studies and people's stories coming out, and feels like it's attacking a symptom (excess fat deposits, which have been directly aimed at being a symptom of low testosterone levels).
  
    My diet has no pop in it to cut out, my diet has no chips to cut out, my diet does not involve walmart cakes or ice creams or whatever.  If I did then sure I'd say yeah cut out the diet and get to the gym. But I really don't, frankly most days I don't eat enough cause I am too tired/unmotivated to even get up and cook.
  
    My parents say it's cause I'm lazy too. And I'm like maybe? I just can't make up the drive when I'm tired from work to cook a meal. I just can't. My life now I see my test results I can tell is falling apart because of hormones and I can't do squat about it. I'm "low mood" I'm not motivated, I'm tired and it's a perpetual wheel.
  
Symptoms:

    Constant fatigue regardless of sleep, regardless of diet, regardless of stimulation. Extreme emotional outbursts and emotional swings at times. Completely dysregulated sleep because it's super incredibly hard to initially fall asleep (once I'm asleep it's not a problem, I definitely don't have sleep apnea) like I'll spend hours rolling in bed. I struggle to keep focus thorough the day.
  
    Is this impacting my day to day? Yes 100%. My sleep has become "biphasic" where I am pushing at my ( job and then I'm so fatigued overtired that I either go to my bed and lay down or I'm going to fall over in my chair. (I'm just a WFH desk job not a physical job at all I shouldn't be this tired). My job is also definitely at risk because of lack of focus and I've been zoning out of meetings and been spacey and all the rest. I'm going to lose my job at this rate.
  
    1.) Back in May I got this testosterone test
  


    Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final May 25, 2023 04:00 PM Testosterone, Total 6.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Below normal range
  


    This wasn't even being actively searched for, this was taken as a part of me non-stop complaining (and I was complaining since last year, mid-late 2022 I was disastrously tired and only in May did I find this result! I was laid off of my last job in Septermber no doubt in part of how fatigued I was! This is DIRECTLY RUINING MY LIFE.)
  
    But testosterone didn't pass my mind. Thought thyroid stimulating hormone (my dad and sister are on that) or something else. I have never and will never go to a doctor outright demanding "gym performance" drugs
  
    2.) Months later followup tests (I almost had a breakdown when I found out how long I had to wait)
  
    I'll just copy/paste the entire screen and put test at the top. I know SHBG and LH and the rest impact it so I won't just ignore it.
  


    Testosterone, Free Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Free 237.8 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 175.0-700.0 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  


    For free testosterone for a 32Y old male this is super low, also this is being taken at the start of the morning from the timing and so my levels just absolutely tank later in the day. Also from what I've been told this reference range includes everything from young males all the way to 80 year old men.
  
    I am not okay being at the level of an 80 year old man at 32!
  
    2. Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Total 8.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    Same thing as above, why is this okay? This is clearly pushing the absolute bottom of the barrel first thing in the morning. I'm about to have a breakdown even as I read this. How does this not fully indicate that I have a huge testosterone problem?
  
    3.) Rest of the results
  3. Glucose, Fasting Status:Final Oct 27, 2023 12:12 PM Glucose, Fasting 4.7 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 3.3-6.0 (mmol/L) Abnormality: - Hours Fasting 8.0 hour(s) Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
    Abnormality: -
  
    4. Prolactin Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Prolactin 16.9 ug/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <21.0 (ug/L) Abnormality: -
  
    5.  Calcium Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Calcium 2.40 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 2.10-2.60 (mmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    6. Estradiol Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Estradiol 66 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <160 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    7. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) 3.4 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <7.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    8. Cortisol, AM Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Cortisol AM 688 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 120-620 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Above normal range
  
    9. Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) 2.52 mIU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 0.20-6.50 (mIU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    10. .Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Luteinizing Hormone (LH) 2.0 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <12.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    11. Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) 44 ng/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 15-65 (ng/L) Abnormality: -
  
    12. Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) 16 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 6-65 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    13. Creatinine Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Creatinine 84 umol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 50-120 (umol/L) Abnormality: - eGFR 106 mL/min/1.73m2 Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
  

    59 (mL/min/1.73m2) Abnormality: -
  

    14. Hemoglobin A1c Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Hemoglobin A1c 5.6 % Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 4.3-5.9 (%) Abnormality: -
  
    Honestly I'm at the point where I don't know why the hesitancy at all for me. I've been struggling since late 2022 (at the least) with this exhaustion thinking it was something else and finally got results in May to show low testosterone.
  
    I'm not okay. I do not understand why the hesitancy meanwhile we have trans individuals (rightfully so) get this on a regular basis for gender affirming care. Is it not safe? Like I feel I'm being given a run around.
  
    I want to be able to function. I can't even bring up the motivation to make a meal for myself to eat let alone drive to the gym or anything else. I don't even shower anymore becauwse it's so exhausting. This is literally ruining my life.

Article: I have a high pain tolerance (according to a neurologist who performed a sensory test on me 15+ years ago, needles inserted throughout my body).
  
    When I first got an IUD 7 years ago, I went to a clinic. Once I secured an ob/gyn (new insurance), I notified them of the cramping I was enduring, and they discovered the IUD was inserted improperly/not fully in. They replaced it via ultrasound, and for the second time in my life, I nearly passed out due to the pain.
  
    I'm now anxious about the upcoming replacement, and as I was researching online and Reddit, a nurse suggested I ask for a misoprostol to soften the cervix. They called and said they normally do not prescribe this to patients any more, but they will call it in since I've asked for it.
  
    Is there a reason why this isn't advised? I told them I'm willing to take their suggestions, but last time, I had to lay in the office for 30 minutes after nearly passing out.
  
    What's the consensus on this?
  
    My ex had pain meds with his vasectomy...all they've suggested is ibuprofen prior to the procedure, , but that doesn't do much for my pain, in any case.
  
    Thank you

Article: I’ve been having a weird eye thing going on for about 9 months.
  
    If I look at a fixed object, keep looking at it and lower my head down, I see a black circle appear in each eye. The more I tilt my head down, the darker the circles get. As soon as I lift my head up they go away.
  
    37F, very obese (working on it!), daily vape usage. Depression/anxiety (lexapro and lamictal), migraines 4-5x monthly (sumatriptan PRN). I’m very nearsighted (20/500, 20/600) and wear contacts daily (-7.5). My mom has macular degeneration.
  
    What’s going on and should I be worried?

Article: I've already booked a visit with an ent, but what is wrong with my tonsils? Is that just a normal way tonsils look? 31F, 5'5'', 160lbs. I think it started looking like this about a year ago but I'm honestly not sure, I can't remember exactly what my tonsils looked like a year or 2 ago.
  
    Last edit: photo link posted under the stickied comment (I'm not sure where should I put it)

Article: F28 120lbs 163cm
  
    I have nasal polyposis, allergies, asthma, the works. My polyps are very bad right now which affects how bad my asthma is. For context, I usually walk everywhere because I live right downtown. I can no longer walk to work (20 min away) and sometimes have trouble even walking to the grocery store (4 min away). Real exercise is not even a slight possibility
  
    I was put on a new routine of
  
    Flovent 2 puffs twice a day Ventolin 2 puffs twice a day
  
    And seriously, I feel addicted to the pumps. They open up my chest so much….I feel immediate relief Did not feel like this with symbicort, is this normal or am I going crazy?

Article: Just got my blood work back today and everything was perfect with the exception of having high bilirubin 1.8. I had blood work 9 months ago and it was 1.9. After the first test I have since been put on ozempic and Vyvanse and my PCP said she will monitor the bilirubin levels but suspects it is due to my prescriptions. My concern is that it is the second time it has been high consecutively, is this something that I should seek care for sooner than later? Or is it ok to monitor this a little bit longer. Just some background, I've lost about 70 pounds since the first blood work and still working for more. I'm a non smoker that drinks maybe once a month (But should note I did indulge a bit about 3 nights prior to getting the blood work)

Article: 46F, stage 4 endo (waiting on surgery). Depoprovera, NSAIDs
  
    If you start with a clean bowel (after say colonoscopy or diarrhea), what is the average time it takes from the time you eat something to the time you have to poop?

Article: Hi all,
  
    25M, 5’5” 185lbs. First of all I should say I’m typing this now while on a five-hour flight from DC to Seattle. I take testosterone/arimidex, finasteride, methylphenidate ER, propranolol (prehypertensive for the last year), and am allergic to penicillin.
  
    Two weeks ago, I presented to the ER due to dull achy pain in my right leg. It’s nonspecific, but I have sharp pain at times in between the joints. At that time, my leg looked completely fine and has not visually changed. Remaining stationary tends to increase the pain. I experience brief relief when I stand up/sit down, but only for the initial 1-2 minutes until it starts again. Pain is constantly at least level 2 but sometimes spikes to level 6/7 in random places on my right leg. It does seem to be most painful at my hip and knee joints.
  
    During 1st ER visit, I was echo scanned for DVT because I have secondary erythrocytosis (managed by hematological oncologist) and was concerned about blood clot. Negative for DVT and was also tested for STIs except syphilis (which I had a false positive for a few months ago.) They told me my CBC was normal even though RBC, Monocytes, and ALT are slightly elevated. I was told to follow up with GP for sciatica. I do have a history of sciatica but this feels different.
  
    I followed up that week with both GP and hemotological oncologist. GP seems to think this is anxiety/stress because I do have a history of overreaction to medical events. Hemotological oncologist said my RBC was high again and performed venesection during our visit that week.
  
    A couple days later, this past Sunday, I went back to the ER as the pain had worsened and spread. Was told to take NSAIDs around the clock and to start a 21 pill steroid pack. They did an XRAY as I requested because no other imaging was done until then except ultrasound. XRAY came back normal and I was sent on my way. No bloodwork was done at this visit.
  
    I am now on day 3 of steroid pack, taking any/all NSAIDs I can find, and I have been taking some gabapentin I was prescribed a few months ago for cannabis withdrawal (for context: I was trying to quit but was unsuccessful.) I am sitting on this plane and I feel achy, cold, didn’t sleep well, and my leg hurts more than ever. Occasionally I am getting sharp pain in my right shoulder and left buttock. I have a migraine on the right side of my head today, as well.
  
    Am I crazy or should I go to the ER a third time when I land? I don’t like wasting the ER’s time/resources but I am young, relatively healthy, and now all this is happening rather acutely. Sciatica or some sort of infection? HELP!! I don’t want to suffer unnecessarily because some doctors aren’t being thorough.
  
    If so, any hospital recommendations in Seattle? I have good insurance 0% copay.

Article: 40 yr old AFr.Am. Female 5' 5 208lbs
  
    This started on October 17th after doing a short 2 mile walk exercise at home via youtube video. The next day my private area became numb and over the next couple of days it got worse. I could still use the bathroom normally but the feeling was strange. Then i noticed my feet and legs became numb and tingly then it went up to  my trunk area and then hands. Everything is now back to normal except the trunk area and hands which are the worse. I notice when i bend my neck i get the feeling in my back and sometimes it feels like electricity going into my hands and legs (lhermittes sign) i had this before about a year ago but it went away.
  

    Went to the ER and had an MRI and bloodwork done and they said it came back good but when i went to  my doc and she reviewed the results it said something about stenosis. I was told a year ago that i have mild lower cervical spondylosis and was told to do exercises for it. I thought this was what was causing the lhermittes sign but i dont know. I went to see a neurologist and she did a physical exam and that was good and im set to see her again in 2 weeks. She thinks the cause was stopping my anxiety meds suddenly after running out and not being able to get them for a few weeks after. The numbness and tingling in my hands is whats bothering me the worse. why has everything else gotten better except that and wouldnt the MRI have shown lesions because now im worried about MS because of the lhermittes sign.
  
    Medicines i take: Sertraline 150mg, Metoprolol Succ.50mg and B complex vitamin

Article: I'm 43 year old male. 5' 10" 175lbs with a history of high liver function tests. It started 9 years ago. I was a heavy in drinker in 20's and 30's. I started getting high LFT results back in 2014. The last 9 years my LFT's have gone from extermely high ALT 331 and AST 156 then back to normal just in July I was at AST 22 and ALT 41. I've stopped drinking altogether her and there and I went to the DR and he said I can go back to normal drinking standards 2 drinks per day. Well I did and I went to get tested yesterday and I am AST 27 and ALT 77. I have extreme itching all over my body which I think may be related to this. Why would just 2 drinks a day spike my ALT up again (By the way I don't drink every day I probably have 2 beers 4 days a week)After you've had a history of high LFT can you ever go back to drinking again or is your liver forever going to be sensitive to any alcohol?

Article: 23F, 5'6" 189lb Needing some help here as my doctors are just as confused as I am.
  
    Starting Dec 2022 I started having morning nausea. This progressed to morning vomiting daily. The moment I wake up I feel nauseous and throw up or dry heave shortly after. This happens usually within the first hour I'm awake. It also feels like my gag reflex is highly sensitive.
  
    Recently it has progressed to vomiting all food and liquids and diarrhea so had to stay in the ER  to get rehydrated.
  
    My doctors are at a loss for what it could be. I do use cannabis for the nausea, but the vomiting started well before I started using it so its not CHS. I do get little mild headaches sometimes but I believe that its because I'm dehydrated.
  
    My doctors ordered a bunch of stool tests and an upper endoscopy, but they admitted that they are at a loss.
  
    Anyone seen this presentation before? Any help would be appreciated.

Article: I (31F, 112lbs, 5’1, no drugs or alcohol) was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease (NMOSD) last year. I was prescribed clonazepam to help with motor tics and anxiety. I got pregnant in July and stopped taking my clonazepam. My anxiety was at its peak and I had difficulties sleeping. I had a missed miscarriage discovered at first ultrasound. I’d like to get pregnant again soon and am wondering if I’d be able to continue to take my clonazepam to avoid the anxiety like the first time. I can’t get in my OB until I’m actually pregnant and at the 8 week mark.
  
    TIA!

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: As the title says, I woke up this morning and couldn't feel my right arm. I've had this happen a couple times before, but never to this extent: in those occasions, I'd get a tingly feeling and then shake my arm and everything would go back to normal. This time, however, the tingly feeling was different and then I realised I literally could not feel my right arm at all: I grabbed it with my left hand and it was dead weight, I was able to "artificially" move it up and down a couple of times before I started feeling it again and when this happened, I checked my right hand and it was dark red at the bottom of the palm and also dark red in some knuckles (2nd, 3rd and 5th fingers, I believe).
  
    It's worth noting that this always happens with my arm in an "L" shape upwards, with my hand often underneath my head and my shoulder at the end of my pillow. Could I be somehow pinching a nerve in that position? Is it something else? Should I be concerned?

Article: I've recently noticed a strange issue with my hearing. I listen to music on my laptop while I'm working and it sounds like the EQ settings are changing every minute or so. For example if you were to switch between rock/flat/bass/pop.
  
    I have had some tinnitus for the last few years. It's a bit annoying but it doesn't stop me from sleeping.
  
    I've checked that there isn't anything whacky going on with my laptop - I've sat and watched the volume/EQ and they stay the same.
  
    Interestingly, I've never noticed this while wearing earbuds.
  
    Height - 180cm
  
    Weight - 80kg
  
    Race - White European
  
    Duration - Every few minutes while listening to music on my laptop
  
    Drink - Yes
  
    Smoke - No
  
    Recreational drugs - No
  
    Country - Scotland

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: The = equals sign in the title is a mistake, it was supposed to be a plus +.
  
    Sorry for the wall of text, wanted to include detailed symptoms but tried to keep it as brief as possible (and did a poor job at it). Feel free to just scroll down for the results of the checkup I had a few days ago that I got today.
  
    35M chronology:
  
    Was having weird aches and pains in body in June, got blood and ultrasound checked, ALT 66 and mild NAFLD confirmed via ultrasound. Changed diet completely, never eaten healthier, only white meat and no fast food or bad fats, lowered carb intake. Also got vitamin D supplements because it was deficient.
  
    A few weeks before the above, in May, I had Covid, mostly mild.
  
    Some two months ago, in early October, I started getting unusual systemic symptoms. They were mild and mostly not too debilitating, but scary and uncomfortable.
  
    My symptoms started with fatigue and muscle pain in hips-thighs (similar to post-exercise pain, but without exercise), sometimes transient lightheadedness. I also got mild skin flushing and redness/warmth in face and arms particularly, this would increase with heat and kind of come and go during the day. The flushing in my arms and hands had a granular visual quality to it upon looking closely, but it was completely flat, painless and not itchy, and would disappear. Didn't react to antihistamines that I've noticed. Got my blood checked, everything normal, my ALT had reduced to 37 and doctor couldn't feel the fatty liver any more. I was told it's probably a reaction to the viral infection.
  
    Then these symptoms partly diminished (except the flushing, which continued) and got replaced with migratory aches in tendons (asymmetric, a few joints every day, not bone or muscle pain but tendon pain that felt a bit better with massaging the area) that would often get quite uncomfortable. These aches moved around my body but were most uncomfortable in my fingers and thighs and hips. Didn't affect the back or neck, only the limbs.
  
    As joint pains faded, I started getting random mild swelling in hands and feet, mostly on the right side of the body. Also uncomfortable vascular pains: it felt like blood would pool up in my lower legs and in my arms when they were lowered, but this wasn't always the case, only sporadically. My arms would get quite red and feel heavy, upon elevating them they would turn white after a few seconds and feel better. Blood vessels became quite more visible and I had random aches and pains around my body and especially my limbs. The worst was my lower right leg in the calf and top and side of the ankle where the pain was getting to the point where it messed with my daily functioning. Was also getting weird little transient headaches in the front of my head, and sometimes pressure in the temples.
  
    Went to the doc, he told me the joint pain was reactive arthritis and that it would most often pass on its own. My blood was fine, but Uric Acid was 8.5 (despite me not drinking or eating most things that elevate it). I got allopurinol for that. I also started drinking 100mg aspirin as well as magnesium citrate. A few days before the checkup I had a sudden high fever for around six hours in the evening, with moderate digestive discomfort, but I think this was an unrelated food bug. Fever was gone next morning and I felt amazing. A few days after this and drinking the uric acid meds and aspirin and I am mostly fine, with some residual discomfort but nothing too bad. It's like the whole thing mostly just passed. I had no respiratory problems during all of this.
  
    I did a full body medical checkup a few days ago that I have with my insurance.
  
Checkup:

    No inflammatory markers, protein in urine or unusual blood values (nor did I have any of these at any time), except %LUC 5.9 and LYMPH 1.18. Doc said that's unremarkable and not a big deal, my %LYMPH is 21.4. Sugar is normal, as is all else.
  
    Hormones normal.
  
    Ultrasound found 2-3 small kidney stones in one kidney (<3mm), this is new. When I told the doctor doing the ultra that I had NAFLD, she said she doesn't see anything like that, but that the liver color is very slightly off (should be same as kidney, was slightly less dark), but so slight that she wasn't even going to mention it on the report. No swelling or irregularities of any kind.
  
    The only thing that worries is that my ALT is now 111 (12-78 good range), and AST is 43 (15-37 good range). For comparison, back in June when my ALT was 66, the normal range was 10-50, but this test was done in a different lab. My alt was 37 in Ocotber when my NAFLD was already in remission.
  
    The doctor thought it might just be an acute reaction and that I should do a follow up in a month and see if the values are still high.
  
    I have no Hepatitis-specific symptoms that I'm aware of like jaundice, stool color. My appetite is fine, I have no nausea, itching or bleeding issues. In fat, I feel better than I have in weeks. I have let myself go on the bad diet in the last weeks, but not as badly as I was when I was diagnosed with NAFLD in June.
  
    So I don't know, trying not to worry and will just go back to eating healthy and trying to exercise.
  
    Can it be that if this was long covid, it just screwed with the liver a bit? Can ALT and AST fluctuate so wildly over the months in case of actual liver disease? From 66 to 37 to 111 in 4 months?
  
    Of course, any insight is more than welcome, but I know this is very non-specific.

Article: So I had wrapped my ankle with a ace bandage not for existing swelling but just to bandage the area with some wounds cause I'm allergic to adhesive bandaids.
  
    I stupidly wrapped my area clearly too tight while I was half asleep
  
    My toes swelling went down fast but my foot still looks like a football after 3 hrs. Should I be worried or I am I just being impatient?
  
    I forgot to mention but once I woke up & noticed it was swollen, I unwrapped it immediately.
  
    F23

Article: Female, aged 23, height 5'4, weight 107.9, white, no drugs or drinking. Dusty metal broke skin a few days (11/11) ago, don't have a tetanus booster (got my last TDAP shot at 11, 23 now), noticed beginning Sunday (a day after) up till now my muscles are achy despite me not doing anything, what do I do? Being told I'm overreacting by family and that they 'forbid me to get the booster' and that it 'can cause more harm' but my muscles feel sore in my upper back mainly and back of neck and I don't know what to do. Also scared of adverse reactions the booster but also scared of tetanus and I'm just nervous and don't know what to do. Please advise.

Article: 29F, no significant medical hx, active lifestyle and healthy weight
  
    Received these results (pictured on post below). I will be doing a colpo and ecc in a couple of weeks. I understand the next steps are dependent on those results but just wondering if anyone has recommendations to preserve my fertility, such as LEEP vs cryo?
  
    I’ve been reading online and just a little overwhelmed with some info saying it doesn’t affect fertility and others saying it does. I just want to know what direction to look towards before my appt with the MD.
  
    Thank you!!
  
    I’m a little worried, I know I shouldn’t be assuming it’ll be cancer or even precancerous but it’s hard to stop the mind from racing.

Article: Hi. 19M, 6’5, 200lbs. I vaped for around 2 years, but quit on November 1st. I’ve been having this sort of stabbing, duller pain in the bottom area of my rib cage on both sides. It’s probably been around a month. I went up north with my gf and I had some pain there, but it wasn’t really worrisome until halloween. Sometimes it feels like its my ribs and sometimes it feels like its under my ribs. I’ve been struggling with health anxiety a lot recently and I’ve had 2 panic attacks in two weeks. Sunday night was the worst. I had like 10 hypnic jerks and I almost fell asleep but my whole body felt like a heart beat and it was extremely fast. I’ve felt extremely off, I’ve also lost my appetite. I don’t know if thats because of my anxiety or not. I haven’t had my bloodwork done in a long time but I assume I’m deficient in every vitamin. Mainly D. I keep checking my nails to see if they’re turning blue.  My postures also kind of fucked so I think that could have something to do with it. I’ve been extremely stressed outside of my health as well, my gf said my back feels like a rock its so tense. I have no cough but I have some post nasal drip with clear mucus. I’m freaking out. Should I go to the doctor? Is it just bad anxiety? Do I have cystic fibrosis? Wtf is going on.

Article: (M62) In June 2023, my ferritin levels were 15 ng/mL, but they have now risen to 677 ng/mL. Similarly, my iron levels increased from 43 u/dL to 185 ug/dL during the same period, without any history of iron supplementation.
  
    In terms of liver health, my ALT was within the normal range at 30 IU/L in June 2023, but it has since elevated to 56 IU/L.
  
    I was diagnosed with primary polycythemia vera and initially prescribed hydroxyurea in June. However, after a month on this medication without improvement with PV blood levels and noticing an increase in ALT levels, I switched to Jakafi. Subsequently, all my PV-related blood work normalized after a few weeks on Jakafi. Despite this, my recent ALT test still shows elevated levels.
  
    The question arises whether there is a potential connection between the high ferritin/iron levels and the elevated ALT. 
  
    Would love some input.
  
    Thanks

Article: Dear doctors (or self proclaimed ones) of Reddit,
  
    Male, 21, 182cm, 85kg.
  
    I’ve been experiencing shortness of breath for a little over 2 years now. Life has drastically changed ever since.
  
    It started with breathlessness after exertion, then progressed to even when rested.
  
    I’ve even had moments where I’m unable to take a breath and inhale, so much so I’m cold sweating and dizzy - ambulances were called but no issues found upon arrival due to them arriving after the episode of breathlessness has passed.
  
    symptoms include -
  


    Difficulty to inhale , some times are often worse than others
  


    Inability to “catch” that breath
  


    Sweating after little physical activity
  


    Very cold feet
  


    Weak legs
  


    Infrequent chest pain, sometimes when inhaling
  


    All these symptoms have worsened over time and developed with the shortness of breath
  
    I’m not an anxious person, I never have been. I’ve been carefully monitoring this condition as per say a scientist monitoring a germ, not a hypochondriac proclaiming death. I have, however, smoked for several years, tobacco and recreational drugs.
  
    These are the tests I’ve done that are coming back all clear -
  


    Spirometry (done last year)
  


    Several x-rays
  


    Several blood tests
  


    Several ECGs
  


    After all these tests and no results, I decided to take this issue privately as it has hindered my quality of life to an extreme. I had a CT scan done last week and the results have come back fine. I have a follow up appointment to discuss the results with a pulmonologist tomorrow.
  
    Now that context is out of the way, I’d like to ask a question.
  
    Is it possible that on two different occasions a CT scan can miss a lung problem? Whether that may be scarring, COPD or anything that can hinder my breathing. I’ve had a low dose CT scan and a normal one with contrast. Both times doctors report normal looking lungs. But it just doesn’t match what and how I feel, it genuinely feels like I have broken, weak lungs.
  
    Can someone point me in the right direction? Should I try to get a HRCT, or biopsy even?
  
    Or at this point should I just leave it to fate? It’s been going on for so long now. I used to be very athletic, great job, beautiful girlfriend. Lost it all because of this undiagnosable illness. Everyone thinks I’m mad because tests come back clear.

Article: im planning to get creatine sometime in december.
  
    14M
  
    height: 172 cm (5'7")
  
    weight: 66kg (145lbs)
  
    how much creatine per day? ive seen forums saying 5g per day, 10g per day and the craziest one 0.3 times your body weight in kg, for me its 20.i actively go into gym and i can say that my workout session is semi intense. i usually do 2-3 sets of failure so thats 10-12 max 15 of reps each set. i want to grow my muscles as well as increase my strength. my kidneys are 100% healthy and my health generally in a good shape.
  
    for short, here are the main 3 questions:1. how much creatine per day? (in grams)2. how much water per day while on creatine? (in liters)3. how much water should my mix with my creatine? (in grams/liters)4. pre or post workout?
  
    thanks in advance.

Article: I (32F, 185lbs, white/Filipino, living in Florida,USA) had a polypectomy/d&c/IUD insertion last week. The day after surgery I had some mcdonalds (fries, nuggies and a burger). My blood glucose level shot DANGEROUSLY high to 309mg/dL. I've NEVER had it that high and was actually instructed to go to the ER..I didn't because it started going down after drinking, fasting and a walk. After some digging I found that insulin resistance can be increased from the anesthesia.
  
    Since that spike...my blood glucose levels have been the BEST IN MY LIFE. I shit you not.
  
    My fasting blood glucose usually is anywhere between 98-110mg/dL...mostly like 100mg/dL...still higher than normal people...My fasting blood glucose right now is 81mg/dL... It's NEVER been that low.
  
    My last A1C was 5.6 and had shot up from 5.2 in January(I was eating my feelings for a few months). I was diagnosed with prediabetes in 2021 and reversed it with keto/weightloss/avoiding sugar and carbs.
  
Back to the question...did I shock my system and my body is using insulin properly? Can insulin resistance be cured with a freak spike? Is this going to be short lived???

    I have the following:
  
    Hashimotos (taking levothyroxine 75mcg and liothyronine 5mcg)
  
    Insulin resistant PCOS (no androgens, no string of pearls...just IR, and anovulatory cycles and a few follicles upon diagnosis) taking metformin 1000mg er.
  
    Depression (taking buproprion 150mg SR X1 DAILY)

Article: 28F generally health.  ex bf had a flu and i think i got it. around the same time developed what i thought was a boil…. it keeps growing. it’s no longer as painful but looks horrible. i’ve been cleaning daily but it bleeds a lot.. no smells but lots of leaking… unsure if i am getting better or what it could be

Article: 26, Female, 167 cm, 57 kg, Caucasian, no big medical issues
  
    A year ago I've developed a pinching pain in my lower right abdomen, right next to belly button and a bit down. The pain then was 8/10, I worried it might have been apendicitis, but I received blood tests and a CT scan- nothing. The surgeon there told me to check with my gynaecologist for possible endometriosis. I did, everything is perfectly fine.
  
    I thought it might be IBS, but the pain is located in one place. In addition to that I experienced right foot moving on its own after covid vaccine and general stiffness in the right side of my body for several months. Could the abdominal pinching pain be just another side effect? Now I believe the most probable answer is that it's ACNES, but I will obviously have to seek further medical examimation.
  
    The only thing that changed in my life however is the long hours I spend in front of my computer due to starting my career and more stress. I'm also right-handed if it helps. I guess it's around 11h everyday sitting.
  
    Is it even possible the pain might come from clenching my stomach muscles all the time from stress and sitting position, if it is just one spot hurting?
  
    Thanks for all the answers

Article: Several days of pressure in chest when breathing, primarily right lung .hypertensive.

Day of: BP and HR low (for me)  but within normal range. Pain on inspiration  Moderate pain/ pressure underneath bottom of right rib cage/ right lung, air felt cold/menthol when breathing, trouble swallowing on the day, pain migrated to centre of chest chest, left side chest, left shoulder, numb/tingling/weak left arm, left leg, and then right leg (though not as severe). Breathing issues/chest pain dissipated and then other weird symptoms followed
  
    29 yo Female with antiphospholipid Syndrome, hypertension, caucasion, 5'4 60 kg

Article: I passed a very strange BM on Sunday. I have a paralyzing fear of intestinal parasites, like I was up until 4am nauseous over it, but after posting in several different subreddits and online forums I don’t think that’s what it was. After some research I think it may have been candida overgrowth. I’m on amoxicillin for strep and a double each infection and I’m day 9 of 10. So the BM happened on day 7. I can find barely any information or pictures of what candida overgrowth in stool would look like. I’m trying to find a doctor that will take me but I can’t find one so far in my area that has opening, I’m legitimately losing sleep over this. I’m 21F, I weigh roughly 126 pounds. I don’t have the healthiest diet but I try too, I have frequent vaginal east infections and I have tinea veriscolor on my skin. Any advice or answers is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

Article: 31F, 5ft 3in, 9st 7lbs, caucasian, in good health, UK
  
    I had chicken pox twice as a child and from what I have read I understand that probably means that I didn't fully develop immunity the first time for whatever reason. Not sure how old I was the first time, the second time I believe I was 9/ 10/ 11.
  
    My hairdresser has just contacted me ahead of an appointment at her house at the weekend to let me know that her children have chickenpox, and to ask if have had it before and am therefore immune.
  
    I assume that having had it twice as a child I fully developed immunity? Feel a bit silly asking but wanted to check to be on the safe side.

Article: 38 female - long time smoker About a month ago I was put on a low cholesterol diet so I have been eating extremely healthy.
  
    My cycle has always been clockwork, I usually start 1-3 days earlier each month. So I should have started 3-6 this month. I did start a new job also on the 3rd but that’s probably to soon to affect my period.
  
    My last sexual encounter was October 2-4. I’m pretty sure I had my period last month.

Article: Hey all - got some bloodwork done and have elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels. Creatine serum is 1.68 (normal range is up to 1.35) and nitrogen is 28 (normal range up to 23.5). I take creatine and eat a good amount of protein. I also work out a lot. I’ve seen the creatine serum can be caused by the creatine supplement, but not so sure about the nitrogen urea? Any ideas? I’m not a huge fan of my doctor.
  
    Demographic info:
  
    Male, 31, 5’11”, 185ish pounds. Supplements/meds: creatine, finasteride, protein, turmeric, cumin, ginger, setraline

Article: Male 5 10 220 pounds
  
    Lately I noticed I get pain while sneezing. It's like a muscle pain and I get it in my back, shoulders and arm. What could be wrong?

Article: 14m 220 5'7 I know it's not common in the us but I have some of the symptoms like small burps feeling like I need to throw up after eating and some acid reflux symptoms that ha been happening my whole life but the eating then the feeling like I need to throw up feeling just started why I'm worried is because of its untreated it turns into cancer right? Can anyone soothe my nerves and I can't get checked out I'm on a trip for like a month and sometimes when I eat breakfast I feel full

Article: 17,male,5'8
  
    My mom has been using it everyday for the past week, and I have to endure the smell whenever I'm in the car with her. If she uses it in the house, it spreads to my room, and I have to turn on the ac. The smell makes my chest/stomach feel weird and it just sucks in general. Could inhaling the smell be bad for me?

Article: Hi there,
  
    I’m a 26F 5’6 145lb healthy individual. I am very active and am not on any medications besides birth control. I recently got an on demand anemia test done as i do a lot of high intensity workouts and recently started distance running and wanted to check my levels. I need help interpreting my results. Nothing was flagged except for high iron (182) but a lot of my ranges were right on the wedge of being flagged high or low ( i.e. my hemacrotit is 34.9 and the flag for low is 34)
  
    I am wondering since my insurance covers it if would be beneficial to got straight to a hematologist instead of a primary care doctor. Would that be acceptable or do they usually only take appointments by referral?

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    I have been waking up in the middle of the night recently feeling like my throat is closing and then needing to vomit. However, when I go to vomit it mostly just ends up being bile, but it prevents me from sleeping. I have also been breaking out in hives for months - typically after eating. I went to the allergist and nothing came back on the skin prick test. I feel like there is often a lump in my throat. I have been taking a PPI for acid reflux after an endoscopy over the summer, but I am still getting hives and vomiting.
  
    Any general ideas as to what this could be? Thank you!!

Article: Male 27, was feeding feral cat yesterday, something spooked him, he swiped scratching my hand, one claw got stuck in my finger, I'd say 1cm deep.
  
    cleaned it with water and hand hand sanitizer and went my way, washed it when i got home few hours later and used alcohol.
  
    im not worried about scratched, but the puncture wound closed (like a needle, even though their claw is big idk how)
  
    went to the infection hospital here, they gave me rabies vaccine, but didn't want to give tetanus (she didn't even bother looking), she says it is unlikely to get this from cat, maybe deep rusty wound or something, which i think is bullshit.
  
    my friend was bitten few years ago by his younger brother and according to their protocol, he did get tetanus shot.
  

    I'm keeping an eye on it, but wanted to see if there's infection doctors who are familiar with this, feral cats walk on dirt all day, bury their feces, lick their paws, but somehow she says it is unlikely

Article: Im 23 male 5’ 10” non smoker mild drinker with asthma (albuterol as needed/ advair 250/50 twice daily)
  
    I was diagnosed with ADHD in high school, but stop taking the medication after graduation . I now work full-time and I am school for my job, but failing out of my classes and cannot make it a day without making mistakes at work. I wanted resume medication, but due to the nature of my job I move states every several months. Is it possible that I could be prescribed medication out of state? Changing doctor so often does not seem feasible, and I know my medication script cant be transferred as it is a narcotic. Note- if you need more description, feel free to ask in the comments

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!
  
    Edit: I took a pic of the palate of two friends and they both have them too... what is it?

Article: First off I’m a 35M 5’8 currently 200lbs, I take Prozac, Zyprexa, Buspar, adderall, Trazodone and prazosin. I’ve have 13 diagnosed mental illnesses from Psychologist and psychiatrists. And 5 physical illnesses, I’d rather not detail every single one out as I’m probably going to delete this for my safety later.
  
    I’ve done searches but the results don’t tell me much, I have Anorexia nervosa extreme food restriction type ( you may call it atypical till I reach my goal weight) and I’m always dehydrated, in my doctors visits my BP was 90 over 60 and the next month 90 over 42, my therapist says she’s shocked I wasn’t admitted to the emergency room.
  
    So how bad is my BP, please be very detailed

Article: Ok I'm 34 so not exactly young but been having ventricular pauses 7-9 seconds every few days around 5am when sleeping, no symptoms that I remember. Have loop recorder since last week.
  
    Picked up by chance cardiologists admitted me for two weeks and said MRI, CT scam ans ultrasound ecko came back good.
  
    One specialist said its likely heart block due to vagal tone which in his opinion isnt life threatening...
  
    They dont want to give me pacemaker as too young, but not sure what else I can do. Any thoughts?

Article: Suffered a broken wrist in May 2021 broke radius and ulna with a partial open fracture of my radius. Internal fixation on the radius bone. Now have been getting a new dull kind of ache halfway up my forearm on my ulna side of my arm. Was told to expect wrist pain and early onset artritis. Just thought it was strange the pain would be in my forearm.

Article: Hii, recently i discovered that some metal bumps of a keyboard that i used to write daily for around one year are made of lead. As i was in continuous contact with it i’m kind of freaking out now. But at the same time as the contact was only through my finger i’m not certain if it represents any real danger.
  
    Should i get a lead test or i’m just exaggerating?
  
    I’m a 24M with 56kg and around 1,80 of height

Article: About 2 months ago I had some pain in my mid back on the right hand side. I have problems with my back and this new pain wasn't anything like any of my normal back pains. I called my GP who asked me to leave off a urine sample, they dipped it and said I had a UTI and sent me off with some antibiotics. I should note that I didn't feel any other symptoms of having a UTI, but the pain was similar to when I've had one in the past.
  
    Nothing stopped the pain. I was then given a different antibiotic after they tested my urine again. Same thing happened, nothing felt better, so I was given a 3rd course of a different antibiotic and referred for an urgent scan of the area to see if they could get a better idea of what was going on.
  
    Currently I'm still awaiting the scan, and still in pain every day. I had my urine tested again last week and it was clear, and I've had blood tests which I'm waiting the results of. Every so often I also get an almost bloating feeling on right side on my back, which goes right through and I can basically feel it from the front too. It can't be my gallbladder as I've had that removed. Although the pain is in a similar region as when I was having issues with my gallbladder. I also feel sick a lot of the time too.
  
    I'm hoping someone can shed a bit of light on what might be happening. I'm a 36 year old female by the way in case that's important

Article: 27F I was told I have a uterine polyp 2 months ago and I was sent to the gynaecologist 2 weeks ago to take tissue samples. They called me today to schedule an appointment and the woman on the phone said “The doctor wants to see you in the next week or two, so anything after that wouldn’t work.” Should this concern me or is this standard?
  
    The polyp is also no longer there- it came out on its own about 3 weeks ago.

Article: Hello, male, 28. I was prescribed Terbinafine 250MG oral tablets for athletes foot. Had blood work done two weeks after taking the medicine everyday. My ALT was 95. My doctor strongly believes it's from the medicine. Terbinafine tablets known to temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
  
    P.S Everything else in my blood was perfect. No hepatitis of any kind.

Article: My son, 11 year old male, healthy, had a heart monitor taped to his chest for a month over a year ago. His skin did not react very well to the adhesive and, at the time, left it red and irritated underneath.
  
    Still, over a year later since it’s been removed, when he takes a hot shower the outline of the heart monitor comes back. After a bit it goes away. Why is this still happening?
  
    Pic here https://imgur.com/a/dzI97EA

Article: 28F, 4'11, 68kg, with approximately a year and a half history of sudden intense headaches, dizziness, double vision and visual disturbances, trouble swallowing and feeling like something is in my throat, and some difficulties with movement. I had some MRI scans taken and an issue in the right caudate was found and has been recommended for further investigation possibly with a contrast scan done, but I'm unsure whether other things I've seen on the scans are anything to be concerned about. I've been told by family if it was an issue they would've said, but I still can't shake the paranoia.
  
    There's an unusual (to me) patch of black that shows up on the SWAN scan that I'm confused by.Also on an SAG T2 - I'm not sure if I'm just imagining it and being paranoid, but my pituitary gland seems larger than I've seen on instructional scans that tell you about your MRI scan. Here is the album of images.

    I'm sure I'm imagining things, but I wanted to be sure if this is something I should question further or not.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: Hi been having some weird symptoms lately. I’m 23F and a bit overweight. It started as slight pressure behind the head (crown area) and dizziness. A week has passed and now I have bit of vision issues, sudden ear pain that passes and goes, clogged sinuses, and dull pain at the back of the head still and somewhere near the sinus area. I had a consultation with a general practitioner a few days ago and was only goven anti vertigo medicine and some antibiotics which didn’t help that much. I was also adviced to go to an ophthalmologist. Where should I go first, to an ENT or ophthalmologist and do you guys have any inkling on what this is?

Article: 21M, 170-ish lbs, do not smoke, drink socially and infrequently, diagnosed with major depressive disorder, have a long history of health anxiety of various extremes Throwaway because I'm very embarrassed. So, something around April this year my fiancee said that she'd like to try out some very light choking - just a hand on a throat, no squeezing or anything like that. She seemed to like this idea a lot, and I decided to partake as well. We've done it only a couple of times and no harm was done, up until I decided to ask her to squeeze my throat with a tad bit more force. I didn't black out or anything like that, but I remember coughing a bit - so I thought this was too risky, and we've never came back to breathplay. Now, I've researched dangers of that practice through and through and would never take part in that now, but for some reason I didn't hit me at all at that time. And so, for some reason, sometime around June I started feeling weird sensation of "heaviness" in my left eyelid - like, it is not droopy, but constantly feels weirdly heavy. It is especially prominent in the mornings, where I feel an overwhelming need to close my left eye when I just wake up, or during the times when I'm very tired. At that time I remembered about the fact that we've choked each other, and it's been bothering me a lot ever since. And by saying a lot, I mean every day, dusk till dawn, I think about that, wondering if there is any damage that could be done. This whole ordeal has turned me into a bumbling mess, even more anxious than I was before. Not helping is the fact that recently I started to mix up words when speaking, which too took a toll on my already poor well-being. Honestly, I feel very hollowed-out. My relationships with family has gone sour, because, as they say, "I've been talking about nothing but my mysterious illness for months". I don't know what to do.

Article: So obviously I want to know how worried I should be, but since my doc is not worried at all, I also want to know if I should pursue a second opinion.  I went to see my PCP last week due to abdominal pain.  He poked around, sent me for an abdominal xray and ordered blood work.  I was able to do the xray that very day but the blood work had to wait a few days (since it was the fasting kind and I had already had breakfast).  He looks at the xray, basically says "yep, you're full of shit" and told me take stool softeners\laxatives.  I did the blood work yesterday and it showed RBC of 4.5, HGB of 13.5, and HCT of 40.  These values were all automatically flagged by the EHR (Epic).  I start looking into anemia and it would totally explain the constipation.  I have also occasionally had lightheadedness, fatigue, and tachycardia, but this has been written off as "long covid" in the past.  Anemia could also cause those things.
  
    I previously had blood work done in Jan 2023 and these values were all normal then.  My PCP was not at all concerned about this.  Should I pursue a second opinion (and if so, from who?  Another PCP or a hematologist?).  Should I just drop it?

Article: 21M Height:6ft1in Weight:290 Pounds
  
    So for as long as I can remember I've had painful swollen nodules pop up on my body which I now assume are lymph nodes now that I'm old enough to give significant thought to it. The only issue is that it'll only be one here or there and in random places irrespective of illness or injury. For as long as I can remember for a few days or weeks random painful swelling will occur with what seems to be no reason. I've had a couple pop up on my stomach, neck, chest, and probably anywhere else you can think of. It happens so often that at any real given time I have a couple of these things swollen. I intend to mention this to a doctor but I never have before because it seemed normal in my.childhood and I've always kind of just seen it as something that happens to me. Any thoughts. Some strange issue or is this really just normal?

Article: Hello , I'm a normal 25 years old male, Yesterday after sleeping I seems to have develop sudden swelling on forehead only, what could be the cause? I can see dent when pinched for 10 seconds. Is this serious? PS. I don't drink,smoke or take any medications, I do take minioxidil topically but it's been 7-8 years already so I don't think that's a culprit.

Article: I went on a road trip to the mountains. 10 hour drive there, 10 hour drive back. When I was up there (I was there for 6 days), my big toe joint started hurting. On the last night, I couldn’t even sleep because it hurt so bad. Same with the first night back home.
  
    Since then, I’ve been taking OTC pain meds for it and rubbing a THC cream on it. I’ve been using an ice pack and elevating each day, as well. I work on and off of my feet five days a week, but I’m wearing a slipper and trying not to use that part of my foot.
  
    It’s been over a week now that I am still in pain. I’m wondering if I should try to slowly flex the toe, or if I should still try to keep it as still as possible. It hurts when I move it up or down. If anything even grazes my toe, it hurts really bad. I have a doctor’s appointment next week, so I’m just wondering in the meantime what my approach should be. Does keeping it still make it better or worse?
  
    33M (FTM), Borderline personality disorder, autoimmune disorders (hashimotos & Celiac), high cholesterol. 160lbs, 5’3”, on .30 of 200ml testosterone cypionate once weekly, daily: levothyroxine 150mg, Bupropion SR 150 mg, Fluvoxamine 125 mg, Atorvastatin 10mg.

Article: Male 27 220lb white about 5,4 . I can't remember the last time i woke up and my eyes weren't blood shot. Some days  or worse then others but on average I'd say they look like I just got done ripping a bong. This happens weather I sleep 8 + hour or 30 mins. On top of that I normal wake up feeling more tired then when I went to bed and it normal takes 30 mins to and 1 hour to feel fully awake but some times that brain fog that comes with fatigue doesn't go away until I've gone back to bed.My question is are these two thing possible related and what can I do about fix it

Article: i (17F) and my boyfriend (18M) have never had sex, but last week (friday, today is tuesday) i got a little bit of precum on my finger and touched my vulva. i did NOT put my finger inside and it was not actual semen. however, i’m so scared that this could still get me pregnant. my period doesn’t normally come until next week and the anxiety is driving me insane. what should i do?

Article: Hello. I am 20F, 158cm, 65kg (roughly), australian, currently on naproxen - night (1000mg), fluoxatine -morning (20mg), evelyn -night, nexium- morning (20mg). i dont smoke nicotine regularly. i have autism, adhd, depression, anxiety, gerd, and spondyloarthritis.
  
    i have been on olanzapine (2.5mg) for 3 years now to help with sleep, also weight (at the beginning) and anxiety attacks. i decided i want to go off it, since ive been feeling drowsy. ive had comments that i seem absent-minded, like i wasnt fully there, and i couldnt seem to get a restful sleep. 5 weeks ago, i went off it after taking half tablet for 2 weeks and had sucidial thoughts, depersonalisation/derealisation, couldnt sleep. we upped the dosage of my fluoxatine from 10mg to 20mg, went back on the olanzapine half tablet for 2 weeks, its been... 2 weeks without it now? slowly and slowly ive become more and more loopy. i havent been getting much sleep. im tossing and turning, getting hot and cold, thinking about stuff that excites my brain. i stopped counting until i fell asleep bc i went up to 600+ at some point before i fell asleep, and found that distressing. ive been taking melatonin (5-10mg) to no avail. ive been having naps during the day bc that seems like the only time im going to sleep. and when i wake up from a nap, i feel weak in the legs, dizzy. last night i just told myself no phone in bed, 10mg melatonin, early night, nothing. ill go to bed whenever, and consistently wake up at 6am-7am, entirely unrested. im worried ill have to go back on olanzapine.this is all exacerbated by the fact im in pain due to my spondyloarthritis. my rhematologist did say that just spondyloarthritis, pain or not, just existing in my system can cause fatigue. what is the meds, and what is me, yknow? what options do i have?
  
    i am seeing my gp tmrw. kind of just want someone to tell me that olanzapine isnt my only option, unless it is, so i can be prepared for it.

Article: Female, 34, 5'9", 180 lbs., past smoker, no medical issues or medication
  
    I put together an IKEA bed frame 10 days ago. Like much furniture from large retailers that require assembly, the bed frame came with one of those little Allen wrenches. I used this little Allen wrench and, understandably, my hand was very sore. I didn't think much of it until three days passed and I still have stabbing pains here and there. Whenever I play games, gripping the controller and moving my thumb around the pad will hurt. My hand also gets fatigued from holding my phone for longer than a couple minutes. Picking up a heavy pot while cooking or gripping any kind of utensil will also result in aches or stabbing pain. It's been 10 days now, and I'm starting to worry that this is not healing.
  
    Should I seek medical attention of some kind to ensure this doesn't get worse? Or perhaps used cold presses and try to rest my hand for a while?
  
    Thanks. This isn't super serious, but I'm scared that my dominant will hurt for the rest of my life.

Article: I just got my bloodwork back. It showed all the usual iron deficiency anemia flags that I was expecting. My osmolality came back on the low end, outside of the normal range. My CO2 also came back on the low end, outside of normal range.
  
    Is this something worthwhile of further investigation? And what does it usually indicate? I did a quick Google search and none of the simple reasons (over hydration for example) seemed to fit.
  
    HbA1c test came back normal as did my blood glucose levels. My TSH was also normal.
  
    37F, overweight, anemia, possible OAB, no medications or other health conditions

Article: I'm trying to donate a kidney and the last 24-hour test showed an abnormally high concentration of protein in my urine. I talked to the nurse and she suggested exercise might be a factor, since I'm not likely to have any actual kidney problems. (I have no symptoms, family history, or causal factors.)  I run, have started taekwondo, and bike, so if exercise really is a problem that tracks for my results. I've changed my schedule so I can be sedentary for a few days before the next 24-hour test.
  
    Are there any other possible causes I'm missing? My quick online search doesn't show a lot that's useful – there's dehydration (this wasn't an issue for me last time, much thanks to sodastream), cold (?? how much cold?? It's New England in November! I can't avoid cold!), aspirin, and stress (physical? mental? I can avoid physical stress but I can't do much about the mental.)
  
    Anyway, the test is a pain in the ass to coordinate so I do not want to repeat it.
  
    Edited for age and sex: 22F, European/Middle Eastern, weight ~150-160 lb, height 5'9", recreational drugs are weed and alcohol at a low dose about 2-3x/wk put together, current medications I'd prefer not to specify but just think obvious antidepressants and antianxiety drugs.

Article: I will try to give as much info as i can, here we go.
  
    Male 22//non smoker//normal bmi//sometimes active//asthmatic
  
    Have had asthma since i was 4/5, it kinda went away from 15-20 and then returned (thanks). My asthma was first triggered by Exercise but now by the changing of the weather (warm to cold, cold to warm) so autumn and spring are basically hell.
  
    In February of this year my asthma presented itself als a cough for 3/4 weeks + shortness of breath. I kinda ignored it untill i went to the doctor because it was getting annoying. He did an xray which was clean thank god. The symptoms went away after 2 weeks and it was all good till August.
  
    Here is were the current problems start, in august i got ill after holiday, it went away, then returned again. When it returned it had the shortness of breath again. I went to my GP who referred me to my pulmonologist, but because he was ill i could only see him last week. We discussed what was wrong and he said he wanted me to do a CT scan, this made me afraid because well we all know what the CT scans are used for. I didnt know they used it to diagnose asthma again. He did say however my symptoms sounded very weird and ill list them below now:
  


    shortness of breath, now i can still walk 10/15kms or sing at top of my lungs and talk full sentaces. But its like i am more "aware" of my breathing, its a bit harder to take breaths if that explains it. Google doesnt say this is shortness of breath but i have no idea how to explain it.
  


    on and off cold, this is really annoying. One week its there, next week my nose is stuffed again. Its like i do blow every weekend (i swear i dont hahah) and my nose keeps getting blocked.
  


    more tired, this one might be my ever changing sleep schedule as a teen in uni but you never know. I dont need to sleep extra normally, but i can sleep 8/9 hours and still feel a bit sleepy.
  


    So here are the things in terms of tests. (All came back clear/clean) ECG (last week), listened to lungs (3 docs), xray in March, lung function test in March, CBC 2 months ago, lung capacity test last week (99%).
  
    I have no idea anymore what this could be, the ct scan makes me a bit anxious because i googled the symptoms (stupid yes). The symptoms are intermittet tho which makes it all the more confusing.
  
    Anyone here have an idea?

Article: So recently the house doors got repainted in enamel alkyd based paint (high voc, country not protected by epa), and its a condominium, so the paint fumes are very concentrated. I (18M 172cm 72kg) moved in 4 days after it got painted, with the room being aired out at night only (8hrs a day) through two windows for the 4 days before i moved in. When i moved in, i could still smell paint fumes clearly, and its still a little bit strong, like i would feel like its pretty strong (like 1 day old varnish, not as strong as a bucket of varnish, but as strong as if u stood a few feet away from a freshly varnished door) for the first few minutes i enter the room, but my nose would adjust 10 minutes later. due to the weather, i have slept in the room for 4 days with windows closed to preserve the air conditioning and spent the day with windows open to get rid of the smell. how harmful was it, and would i obtain brain damage from it

Article: As a result of breaking my foot 3 weeks ago, I occurred a blood clot in my calf. I was prescribed blood thinners (Rivaroxaban) for 3 months and sent home. Not ideal but completely manageable.
  
    I’m since developed chest pain and unusual heart patterns. My resting heart rate is usually mid-50s and stable but it keeping bouncing around between 40-120bph. It can increase rapidly when I’m ‘active’ such as walking to the bathroom, but can also occur when I’m resting and not moving.
  
    I returned to the hospital, they completely ECG, X-ray and CT scan. No PE or anomalies found. I was sent home and advised it should pass, it hasn’t but neither has it worsened.
  
    A GP suggested I return to the hospital for repeated tests and if nothing urgent found, they will refer me to a cardiologist. However, it must be related to the blood clot in some capacity? Could it be as simple as a reaction to the medication?
  
    Any advice would be appreciated.
  
    Note - heart rate not related to anxiety. Often not even thinking of my health when rate is increasing/decreasing rapidly.
  
    Healthy active 38F (Crossfitter, runner, etc).

Article: Hi I'm 19M from Malaysia. I was diagnosed with LPR 7 months ago by an ENT because I had a persistent sore throat that never went away. He gave me some Gaviscon Advanced and it got better.
  
    Throughout the 7 months, I have been having occasional bouts of these throat clearing and pain in the throat episodes (maybe around 5 times). Sometimes it would just go away on its own, but when it doesn't, I'd take Gaviscon Advanced and it would disappear.
  
    However, 4 days ago, I started experiencing this horrible episode of sore throat, the worst since the start of my symptoms. At first I thought it was a cold, but now it's clearly not because I haven't developed anything other symptoms other than this sore throat. In fact, I woke up yesterday morning feeling absolutely zero pain in the throat, only for it to return in the evening. Today I think I've also been feeling some heartburn? It's a symptom I never had before and now I have it. Is it worsening rapidly or something?
  
    I don't feel like talking Gaviscon anymore because it's only a temporary fix and not a permanent cure. What specialist do I see now? What can I do to cure this LPR? Is there even a cure? And I read that it can cause complications if it's not treated. I'm only 19 and I am not ready for that 😭

Article: Hi. This post is probably going to be lengthy so I appreciate anyone who takes the times to read it. I am truly at the end of my rope.
  
    I am a 23 year old female. While my health has never been the most optimal, I was a functioning human being up until the morning of March 11th, 2020. I am not even exaggerating when I say that my entire life changed in the blink of an eye. I was fine, and then I wasn’t.
  
    I woke up with a really bad headache. It felt different than most headache’s I’ve had before. All I know is it was excruciating. I took some advil, hoping it would subside. But it never did. That’s right. I have had the headache every single second, minute, hour since 9:00 am on March 11th, 2020. It is the most debilitating thing I have ever experienced. I truly do not know how I’ve held on this long. No doctor has been able to figure it out. I’ve tried so many migraine meds, botox, nerve blocks, nothing helps. The pain does vary in severity throughout the day but it never goes below a 5 and it’s usually a 7-8. When it’s a 10, I am puking and contemplating ending my life. I do not sleep. My brain feels like it’s degenerating. I am in a constant fog. My cognitive decline is so bad.
  
    The headaches aren’t the only thing that happened. After that date, it seems like so many other of my body’s functions & organs started to decline. I developed POTS (diagnosed by a cardiologist) but that doesn’t explain everything. Whenever I stand, my entire world is spinning, my blood pressure drops, and my heart begins racing.
  
    My bladder doesn’t work right anymore. My bladder constantly hurts, is overactive, and I am incontinent. I can drink a few sips of water and my entire bladder seems to COMPLETELY fill up immediately after, which makes no sense to me at all. I leak so much. I feel elderly.
  
    Constant GI issues. I had GI issues prior to this date, but things are getting progressively worse to the point where I am literally scared to consume food. But I still do, because I need to f*cking eat. I just deal with the consequences. Severe esophagus burning, stabbing pains in my stomach, either diarrhea/constipation never normal stools. External hemorrhoids Always nauseous
  
    My joints and bones hurts so bad 24/7. I recently found out I have osteopenia but I don’t think that causes pain.
  
    I have a chronic wet/whooping cough, even if I’m not sick. I had this since I was younger but it’s getting progressively worse. I have so much difficulty breathing. The only thing I can think of that could possibly have caused this is that I had pneumonia twice, once when I was 7 and another time when I was 18. And bronchitis more times than I can count.
  
    In addition to my headACHE, I also have horrendous scalp pain. You know that feeling when you take your hair out after it’s been in a ponytail all day and your “hair hurts?” It’s like that but 30x more painful like literal burning. Any movement of my hair is so painful. I also have significant hair loss.
  
    This symptom has really started within the past 2 years, but all of a sudden my circadian rhythm completely changed. I am free running. My “sleep” schedule cycles around the clock but generally my body likes to be waking up when everyone else in the world is going to bed (11 pm - 12 am), and going to bed in the afternoon or early evening. I say sleep in quotations because I barely sleep. When I do, the quality is so poor and I constantly wake up. I’ve always been a night owl but this is horrendous and debilitating because no matter how much I try to fix it, my body keeps reverting back. I often go 24-48 hours without any sleep.
  
    Some other symptoms I have on a daily basis is chest pain, tinnitus, constant pins & needles/neuropathy throughout my body, declining vision, and vertigo.
  
    There are so many other symptoms but these are the main things. I’m crying as I type this because I don’t know what to do. I am on disability income, I cannot work, I cannot go to school anymore. My life came to a halt on March 11th, 2020. I’ve been to so many doctors for my headache especially and I’m at the point where I just want to give up. I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I am 23 and I had so many aspirations and dreams. Now I feel like a complete invalid. Useless. Not contributing to society. I don’t do anything. It’s extremely rare that I am able to leave the house.
  
    bone density scan results: https://imgur.com/gallery/wc47hOq

    head CTA results: https://imgur.com/gallery/IaBztgr

    brain mri with contrast results: https://imgur.com/gallery/Fffrdr6

    CERVICAL** spine mri myelogram results:  https://imgur.com/gallery/yi2uMSc (not sure what the findings mean on this one. doc never followed up about it)
  
    Any insight at all would be so incredibly appreciated. I just want to live again. Or at least improve my quality of life. I cant keep doing this.
  
    ETA:
  
    Doctors I have seen:
  


    My PCP, regularly
  


    Neurologist, I see him regularly.
  


    Pain management doctor, nerve blocks didn’t work
  


    Cardiologist, dxed me with POTS
  


    Neurosurgeon (because on a recent brain scan there was an unruptured brain aneurysm found that needs close monitoring)
  


    GI doctor
  


    Rheumatologist, diagnosed me with Ehlers-danlos but I truly don’t see how that explains the sudden shift in my health to this extent. She didn’t do any bloodwork for autoimmune disease for some reason.
  


    Neuro-ophthalmologist. Ruled out IIH. Even though my weight is fine, it was something my neuro wanted to rule out.
  


    Hematologist. Only thing that was found was very low ferritin which I have been taking iron for multiple months now, but no change in health.
  


    ETA:
  
    It’s really hard to describe my headache but I will try, if that helps. It basically feels like my head has a very tight band around it and my head is fizzling all over. Like a fizzy drink. and literal pins and needles throughout my entire head. Coupled with the aforementioned burning scalp
  
    I am 5’4 and 150 lbs currently.

Article: I am in shambles. I have been in the hospital for almost five days. Came in for a bad UTI. They needed to perform a cystoscopy on me and inserted a catheter before my procedure. They asked me twice if I was allergic to latex. I said yes. The nurse said “oh.. what kind of reaction do you have to it?” And I explained my hands/skin swells, gets blistery/rashy  and suuuper inflamed. I was supposed to go home 3 hours after my procedure. But then- the most unimaginable pain I’ve ever felt- and I’m tough. I’ve had my stomach cut open to remove a small melon sized cyst/my fallopian tube, I’ve had my spine FUSED, and I’ve had my tonsils out at 25 which was also veryyyyyy horrifying, but nothing like this procedure. Holy fucking hell. I didn’t know pain like that existed. I’ve never screamed that way. No one could touch me or I would spasm and scream at the top of my lungs. Well, the hospital had been extremely vague about my issues. I’m still here, still bleeding, unable to pee on my own at 30 years old. Today a friend came to advocate for me and the doctor finally admitted the first catheter put in was LATEX.  What the hell do I do? Is this what’s causing my to be in so much pain and lose so much blood? There’s not much online about this. Any help is appreciated.
  
    Edit: 30, F, Type 2 diabetes and High blood pressure. Both controlled with meds and diet. PCOS. Minor bladder issues (weak pelvic floor),ADHD, Anxiety.
  
    (Lisinopril, amplodopine, metformin,mounjaro, Ritalin, lexapro)
  
    Came in for a bad UTI. I was running back and forth to the bathroom constantly so they put in a foley. The blood was leaking everywhere because the nurse forgot to clamp one of the three. They were using the one with three to irrigate my bladder. Then I went into get my cystoscopy. They immediately told me they tok my catheter out and I just said okay because I didn’t know any better. I started having terrible pain shortly after the anesthesia wore off. Today one doctor admitted my first catheter was LATEX. I’ve been here wsy longer than I should and I’ve never been in so much pain and wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy.

Article: I 28F went to my male doctor once again due to heavy periods, cramps, etc. Even when I'm off my period it would immobilize me, causing me to miss work (once a week now at least) he has always declined referring me to other specialists. I wanted him to refer me to an obgyn, as well as someone who could help with mental health. He never refers me. I've been trying to find a new doctor for 4 years but he's the only one accepting patients...hmmm...
  
    Anyway, thats not really a huge part of the story but I did casually mention a partial hysterectomy (I just wanted him to know it's in my head for the future)
  
    I had to remind him I am only interested in women. There was a female student doctor who told me there's no one out there that would do that for me at my age and I repeated that I just wanted it to be known that I wanted it, and I understood it can't be now. And that I was gay. I don't want kids. My partner of 5 years does not want kids. We will not come up with the money to create kids and take care of them.
  
    My doctor asked the following qustions that I tried to order correctly:
  
    "How long have you been gay? How old were you?" "Have you been gay the entire time you've been my patient?" "How did you know you were gay?" "How many men have you been with?" "How many men have you been with before you were 18?" "How many women?" "Why do you like women more than men? Do you like women physical features more" "Have you been sexually abused by men?"
  
    By the end I was nearly in tears but I couldn't help but laugh and look at the female student doctors reaction. The male doctor said "naproxen, that's it" and the female student doctor said "we should get an ultrasound done" and the male doctor declined and left. The female student doctor dug into a drawer and pulled out a business card. And said "if you have any concerns with today call this number" and sent me on my way. I looked it up and it was upper management of the clinic I was at. She must have wanted me to report it?
  
    He has always made me uncomfortable because every time I see him outside the clinic, he wraps his arm around me and pulls me to his chest. I never considered it a hug. Just being inappropriate. He's asked for discounts where I work too. He knows I have anxiety and I've been trying to get over it for years. I think im over thinking but I just wrote it all out here...now I think im not overreacting at all. He always asks about me at my other family members appointments. My family thinks he's weird with me.
  
    Tell me I'm not crazy and that he's just weird?
  
    Edit: okay. I'll report him. I feel like this is something that is difficult for me to do as I see him outside of his job a lot. I don't want to speak to him ever again let alone confront him
  
    Edit again: the heavy cramping and bleeding has happened within the last 2 years but the last 3 months have been agonizing. There has been no ultrasound since my complaints. I was searched for endometriosis in 2016 because i bled out my belly button during and after my  period since puberty. They found and fixed a hernia near my belly button during the search, since then 0 bleeding from my belly button. But no endometriosis. This had nothing to do with my current doctor. But quite frankly I have dismissed the whole bloody belly button ever since the laproscopy as its been fixed.

Article: FINDINGS: Vertebral body height and alignment are maintained. No acute bone marrow edema. T2 hyperintense right renal lesion, favor simple cyst. Conus medullaris terminates at an appropriate level.
  
    T12-L1, L1-L2, L2-L3: No central canal neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L3-L4: Generalized disc bulge with facet arthropathy no significant spinal canal narrowing. Mild right neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L4-L5: Generalized disc bulge with central disc herniation and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy results in anterior impression on the thecal sac with mild to moderate central canal stenosis and mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L5-S1: Generalized disc bulge results in mild central canal stenosis and bilateral lateral recess stenosis as well as moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.....
  
    wtf does this all mean?

Article: I'm 27 AFAB, 5'6, 290lbs. Diagnosed with hypothyroidism, PCOS, Fibromyalgia, Aura Migraines, Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Multiple Vitamin Deficiencies, Anemia, and IBS (also DR considers me "medically sensitive" since I've had multiple bad reactions to medications OTC and prescription). Medications: Levothyroxine, DEPO Provera (shot form), Gabapentin (low dose to see if I can tolerate it), Topiramate, Propranolol, Cyclobenzaprine (as needed), and Promethazine (as needed). I also have an Albuterol inhaler just in case as well as some vitamins/a daily multivitamin.
  
    I've had a persistent cough since I was a child. It was productive and often lead to chronic respiratory infections that got worse during the spring and winter. I have chronic sinusitis (part of my obstructive sleep apnea) as according to my ENT my nose developed "too small". It's proportionate to my face but my nasal passages are small (no extra cartilage. just small). My tongue is also "too big" and gets stuck in the back of my throat at night, compounding the problem. I use a CPAP when the coughing isn't bad and it works well. I tend to have a lot of mucus in my throat at all times, usually due to the acid reflux. It makes it hard for me to swallow some days. Also my nose is constantly draining or becoming congested and while I've tried methods to deal with it, it's an uphill battle.
  
    THE ISSUE AT HAND: Over the past three weeks, I've been hacking up large chunks of white mucus. They're usually sticky or frothy. Sometimes they're like ropes that I've almost choked on trying to get out. I've had something similar when I had pneumonia in 2019. I'm not having any other sickness symptoms (no increase in frequency of my cough, no fever, no runny nose, etc.). I am nauseous and a bit more tired though, but with all my other conditions who knows why I'm tired and nauseous all of a sudden. However, sometimes when I take deep breaths I can hear/feel like a faint crackling. Also, right before the mucus comes up I get a chest pain that goes away once I've hacked it up. (Sorry I know this is gross).
  
    I'm starting to get concerned because it's different from the time I had pneumonia and it's not like any other time I've gotten sick. My COVID tests keep coming back negative too. I can't get an appointment with my doctor until the last week of this month, so I'm making this post more to ease my anxiety until then. I saw a pulmonologist in the spring and they ruled out asthma/COPD. I did have a few weeks of pleurisy back to back around the time of the Canadian wildfires and every time my body tries to push through a period I get a 48hr "flu" (which happened at the end of October) so I know that put a lot of stress on my system.  Literally as I'm typing this it's happening again. It's incredibly uncomfortable and I would like it to stop.
  
    I just can't figure out why this is happening. I've been looking at mucus color charts and wracking my brain to figure out why my cough is doing weird shit all of a sudden.

Article: I'm female and in my early 50s and have suffered with low iron levels, mainly around 11 but can go up to 20, which affects my energy greatly. This has been from before my periods that started at 12 to now where I'm about 3 years into my menopause. I'm currently on levothyroxine and HRT and have psoriasis. I take ferrous sulphate tablets fairly regularly. I've had low B12 levels, twice in the last 12 years, which required a course of injections and it is monitored yearly. I became vegetarian at 15 but do eat a lot of iron rich foods and started eating chicken and fish 20 years ago. I had a sample taken for bowel cancer recently which was negative. And also had a coeliac blood test in the summer which was negative. I'm sick of waking up feeling shattered every day of my life and this has been prior to being diagnosed with hypothyroidism which was 10 years ago. I'm a healthy weight and walk and run a few miles regularly as well as doing other sports. I slept well up until the menopause. I'm not depressed but I'm in the process of getting an ADHD/autism diagnosis and have been told by 2 clinicians that I probably have dyspraxia and hypermobility. Do I need further tests for why my iron is so low or  does every other ailment I have added together mean they make me tired? I don't think the hypothyroidism counts as much as this has been going on long before that diagnosis though I do recognise it impacts me now too. ETA: I had a gastroscopy 6 years ago and there were no issues detected.

Article: -33F -Canada 5"2 -Pre pregnancy weight 144lbs -Current weight 156lbs -17 weeks pregnant 2nd pregnancy -Just stopped breastfeeding 2 year old -Taking prenatals (pregvite) + extra folic acid due to tethered spine (received the surgery 3 years ago) -Taking Tylenol with caffeine for migraines -No other medications -Non smoker
  
    Since giving birth 2 years ago I have been extremely tired. I blamed it on pregnancy and giving birth, then breastfeeding. I have had multiple symptoms such as extreme fatigue, feeling of not being able to breath properly since my c-section, shortness of breath (reading a book to my daughter is even difficult), migraines, and just recently heart palpitations, memory impairment. I've been telling this all to my doctor for 2 years with nothing to come if it.
  
    I had blood work done Nov 9th and these amounts were flagged as low:
  
    RBC: 3.73 Hemoglobin: 114 Hematocrit: .341

Article: Hi, first of all english is not my first languge, so im very sorry for mistakes.
  
    Me- [25f] For a last month I have a troubles with my health, it all started with a pain in right lower abdomen. Doctors did x-ray, sono and found nothing, my bloodwork is ok. They thought I have apendicitis and sent me home. Right after that I got a reflux which moves acids from my stomach to esophagus, im burping all the time. Circa week ago I started noticing that the left side of my ribs is getting bigger and the pain moved from right lower part of my abdomen to the left side of my body. Yesterday I went to the doctor again, she did xray and sono again and again found nothing. Do you have any idea, what can cause this? I'll try to put some pictures in the comment

Article: My son is 2.5 year old male weighs about 37 pounds and about 3 ft tall he actually just lost 2 pounds since his last drs visit? He was born at 33 weeks via emergency c section because he was in distress and was in nicu for a month. He needed bilirubin on and off and oxygen for about an hour.
  
    He has since been pretty healthy. He did go to er about 2 months or so ago for an injury he got playing outside and they did a ct scan on him. Found swollen lymph nodes and the lymph node in his chest was enlarged. Pedals did cbc and said his levels looked good and that was that.
  
    Now he has started getting this marking on his chest. It is always on his chest. It is not raised, he does not itch it, and it goes away on its own. This has been accompanied by dark red very hot cheeks. His primary just said she didn’t know and to get more pics and sent us on our way.
  
    Does anyone know what this could be?

Article: I’m a 32F who has had migraines for a few years now. Just got my MRI results yesterday and it says extensive white matter abnormalities with several focal lesions. I’m scared this is going to be MS. I see a neurologist this week. Any experience with these abnormalities that end up not being associated with MS?

Article: Hello, im 23M and recently remembered an event that happened 7 or so years ago. When I was a teen (about 16 or so), I hit my head on top of the door and required 5 or so stitches. I'm wondering what type of stitches are used on the scalp (absorbable/non absorbable) because I remember I had an appointment for getting my stitches removed which I missed and never got another one. After that I never really mentioned it much again, as I remember me even going to the hairdresser once shortly after, and being too embarrassed to mention it, even while getting my hair combed and feeling immense pain as she went through the stitches with a comb. Is it possible that skin grew over them without any sort of reaction and that I still have them in my scalp years later?

Article: Age: 24 M Weight: 10 stone Height: 5’9 Medications: None
  
    I’ve been having this symptom for years now and it’s a constant backdrop of my life. I find it so hard to put into words, but I will try my best.
  
    It’s like an overwhelming irritability in my face and neck. My face feels really dry/tight, almost as if I had some sort of face paint on. Simultaneously, there’s a subtle dryness in my eyes and throat. In my neck it’s more like a restless/full feeling that urges me to stretch it.
  
    These sensations ebb and flow concurrently, and can linger for days. They feel like some sort of flare up, but I can’t quite put my finger on what triggers it. I have had plenty of blood tests and nothing out of the ordinary aside from slightly low b12, which i am now addressing.
  
    Any help would be much appreciated.
  
    Cheers.

Article: 21, F, 323 lbs
  
    Hi! I recently posted here regarding concerns about my status  as a pre diabetic and how I could find out my status so far, since I was diagnosed sometime in January. I was concerned because I haven’t actually been trying actively to make lifestyle changes, nor consistently. Starting November 11th, though, I made a complete 180. I started myself on a very low carb diet while still getting the calories and protein and fats I need, and started getting more than 8 hours of sleep a day. I also started drinking more than 32 ounces of water a day, and starting exercising A LITTLE. I weighed in at 329 on the 11th. Today, the 14th, I weighed in at 323. I’m only concerned because I have never lost that much weight that quickly. I was reminded by someone that two pounds of that could be fluctuating weight, so I really could have lost 3-4 pounds, but that’s still a little crazy to me. Should I be concerned? I’m feeling far better than I have in other news!
  
    PS: I get retested for diabetes early next week, so that’ll be when it’s actually confirmed

Article: Hi!
  
    I looked up this thread in hopes of finding some advice on how people manage persistent athletes foot and fungal toenails.
  
    I (22F) have had issues with both ever since I could remember. It has maybe been a year or so since I started to properly invest in footcare, and care about foot hygiene, and I have noticed that my usual symptoms of athletes foot (itchiness and flaky skin) have definitely gotten better. I have made sure to clean and dry them properly daily, and I use the lush "T for Toes" powder after every shower (it is infused with tea tree which I heard helps prevent fungal growth). Does anybody have any advice as to what other natural remedies there are available to me to help me get rid of athletes foot completely?
  
    Aside from this, I have really struggled to find the reasoning behind why the tips of my pinkie and big toenails are starting to turn brownish/yellow, and constantly have an unpleasant cheesy smell which I notice when I cut my toenails. I haven't been able to get rid of this smell.
  
    I know that this is also most likely caused by fungus, but I try to keep my feet out of my shoes and socks as much as I can every day to prevent fungal growth. I shower every day, sometimes twice a day. From what I know, my normal foot hygiene doesn't look much different to the average person, so I don't understand where I am going wrong. Also, does nail polish make this condition worse? I like to paint my toenails often.
  
    I would appreciate any advice!

Article: Hi docs! I’m Male, 35, 5”10, no drugs or alcohol, recently circumcised (4 days ago) due to phimosis, and I’m looking for some advice.
  
    It would appear that after my procedure, I’m healing well - I don’t see any complications arising so I’m really happy about that, but I want to ask about sensitivity.
  
    As expected, the head of my penis is incredibly sensitive right now, like I have to walk around with my wang out at all times because even underwear is unbearable, I have to be 100% friction free. I was wondering, would it be safe for me to put a small amount of germalene or other numbing cream on the head of my penis just to numb it a bit? I’ve also seen some sprays that are intended to delay premature ejaculation, if that has the same numbing effect maybe I could use that? If there’s even a remote danger, I wouldn’t consider it, so I thought I should ask here.
  
    Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

Article: I can't control what my body does at times. I attempt to resist an effect, such as reaching for a phone, walking into a store and taking product by actual movement of my body, stealing items from the house kitchen in similar fashion and my body just continues to move towards these actions and does them. What is going on? I am on Invega, does this have anything to do with it?
  
    Best,
  
    Yusef Kalam

Article: My mother gut makes me question my almost 4 year olds health and I am worried about being naive and missing something, I want to make sure I’m not.
  
    Background- Born healthy right before Covid. Aside from heart murmur that was benign, no concerns at all. All physical and emotional milestones normal. Only issues ever were constant ear infections and she got tubes. Extremely active family and very good healthy eater.
  
    A few months before turning 3 she got really sick. Assumed it was just a simple virus but after 2 weeks she got worse. Main concern was a 105+ temp, under armpit. Could not get temp below 103ish no matter what we tried. Spells of incoherency, vomiting, dehydration, everything under the sun. Pediatricians sent to ER 3 times within one month to get fluids/checked out. Never any new information provided and we would be sent home only for her to be just as bad within a couple hours. Day 27 in a row of temps above 105 (no longer than 2-3 hours max below the 104 mark) she was finally admitted into the hospital. She tested positive for 5 viruses including mono. This was after multiple rounds of oral antibiotics/steroids. Doctors said she just got really unlucky with a pile up of things at once. With constant IV fluids and antibiotics for 4 days, she still would not eat, slept 20ish hours a day, and her temp would never break for longer than a couple hours if at all. Doctors began showing a lot of concern and mentioning testing they were going to begin and how the process of elimination would work. Tested negative for lyme but did not make it to autoimmune testing because finally night 5 her fever broke. After 24 hours fever free we were sent home. She slowly but surely got better.
  
    Fast forward she’s now almost 4, it’s exactly a year later. She has gotten sick COUNTLESS times since this all happened. Every time, she seems so much sicker than any of our other kids. Her fevers also are always high (104,105)  and she can’t get out of bed. Even when our younger child has the same illness, she is wayyy worse.
  
    Peds have done blood work 3 times in the past year because of how sick she gets and they want to check her blood counts. They always say her blood counts are good give or take some minor things just due to the current virus, and that some kids just are like this.
  
    I’m just wondering if this is how things really are sometimes because I’ve never met another typically healthy child who gets this sick. I am not a doctor and have tried not to overact. But I want to make sure I’m not being naive or nonchalant.
  
    Typing all this while she has a 104.3 temp currently and some respiratory virus it seems. My 2 year old appears to have the same thing but no temp and is acting normal.
  
    Thanks to anyone who read this.
  
    Sincerely, a mama who loves her baby ❤️

Article: Drug test states “Tests performed/ 5DSP/No Thc/6AM/PHN” I did smoke about a month ago, but I’m worried about it popping up on the test, and I’m not sure whether “No Thc” means that I’m being tested to make sure there’s no Thc, or whether it means no thc test is being done? Thanks much

Article: A little background info. 19 years of drug abuse. Visited the ER last night on the tail end of a month and a half meth binge with chest pain, dizziness, anxiety, headaches, and difficulty catching my breath. Getting into treatment within the next few days. 5 year history of high dose methamphetamine binging followed by periods of abstinence. Drugs in my system when I presented to the hospital for chest pain were large amounts of methamphetamine, 1000mgs of Keppra, 10 mgs of propranolol, and several beers earlier in the day. Took 100mgs of quetiapine for sleep for 5+ years. Haven't taken it in several weeks. Feeling better today but worried for my health and doing what it takes to quit. Currently without health insurance but in the process of getting Medicaid. Wondering how badly I've fucked up my heart. I have other test results from the ER if needed and will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you
  
https://imgur.com/a/YtHWm15

Article: Pics in comments six months apart.
  
    TLDR; can these be some non cancerous growths? What else would cause this type of growths?
  
    I will be seeing a hematologists in January- (any advice?) and an ENT in feb (again any advice?) I am diagnosed with autism, hypothyroidism, gastroparesis, ehlers danlos hypermobility vs possibly another form pending genetic testing, sleep apnea (5 years on cpap now), PCOS, allergies, asthma, psoriasis and/or eczema (two diff doctors conclusions), GERD. undiagnosed but acknowledged dysautonomia, and suspected by myself specifically hyperadrenergic POTS. Suspected by myself and independently suggested by a rheumatologist was Behcets. Otherwise I personally suspect hypersensitivity/cutaneous vasculitis. My mIn differentials are Lupus, Vasculitis (Behcets vs hypersensitivity vs lupus assosiated) Lichen planus Crohns (highly suspected) Dermatomyositis Scleroderma A blood cancer or lymphoma, for at least 3 different risks/reasons- I suspected as paraneoplastic syndrome, then came up on wgs 30x, and then younger maternal first cousin diagnosed recently (w/o symptoms found due to pregnancy) Amyloidosis
  
    Treated issues- Vitamin d deficiency (extreme deficiency- unreadable. Take daily 2,000) Adenomyosis (hysterectomy in June) Anemia (iron infusions with rare phosphorus drop reactions and powder phosphorus supplementation required beforehand) Dermoid on ovary removed at 16 Tonsils removed at 9 Adenoids x2 (they grew back)
  
    Other issues mildly high WBC for over a year usually 12-13, history of previously normal wbc’s. Nothing particularly hurting or infected to explain it. (In the past last year a spike of 17 a few weeks before to 21 with random kidney infection diagnosed; oddly without lower UTI and zero history of any UTI, and with some kind of staph something, I’d have to go look-but not the usual E. coli for uti, and recent unexplained wbc spike to 16) mostly lymphocytes, monocytes and neutrophils and it’s been a couple years now elevated. High sed rate, high CRP, high alpha 1&2 globulins. High cholesterol since discovered as 14/15 year old. Treated and lower now
  
    My meds: AM-synthroid(levothyroxine), protonix(pantaprazole), Wellbutrin (bupoprion), zyrtec (Ceterizine) twice a day, PM- singulair(montelukast), 2,000 vitamin d, and 10mg Lipitor(atorvastatin) , Clonidine as needed for anxiety- from 1x/week to a max of 4/5 day/week of the .1mg. I also smoke cannabis daily, entirely that I grow myself, no pesticides or “extras”, basic nutes, greenhouse and predatory insects like ladybugs etc to control pests/mites. Smoke about 6-10 joints a day. Occasional Aleve about 1-2x/week max

Article: Over a month ago I ( 30F ) got sick. A week and a half later I had to go the hospital where I was diagnosed and treated for pneumonia.
  
    Later on my doctors told me that if I had waited just a little longer I would have ended up on the intense care unit instead.
  
    Anyhow I'm now out of the hospital for over two weeks and while my overall health increased drastically I still feel my heart racing, my pulse is always up and I run out of air easily, I'm condtantly tired and I find it hard to focus. Any idea how much longer this will last? I have a feeling I'm somehow stuck at my current level.
  
    Plus I'm supposed to start work again in 2 weeks. Is it realistic? Is there something I should do to speed up the processes/something to avoid despite the obvious like going to the gym?
  
    Despite the above I am healthy, take no medication and I don't consume any drugs including cigarettes. Thanks in advance.

Article: I am a 20f and I often get really bad pain in my one or the other of my arms around my elbows. The pain feels really deep in my arm and elbow. The pain is accompanied by my arm swelling, turning bright red and feeling hot to the touch as well as it feeling to me like my arm is radiating heat, and sometimes having difficulty moving my joints in the affected arm. My arms also turn like a splotchy purple sometimes. Flares last from several hours to several days and the pain can get unbearably bad. I have been to several doctors but no one has been able to come up with any idea of what might be happening, I have seen my primary doctor, a rheumatologist, a dermatologist, been to urgent care and the ER. I also have pots, narcolepsy, chronic migraines, and possibly fibromyalgia. I take sertraline, metoprolol, corlanor, rizatriptan, and flexoril. I have had blood work done several times, it's usually almost normal with a couple things mildly elevated, I also had a skin biopsy during a flare that was almost normal. This started about a year ago now, I can't think of anything that makes it start, nothing I eat, drink, touch, or anywhere I am, it just pops up randomly. Ibuprofen or Tylenol don't really get rid of the pain when it is bad. I am just looking for any ideas of what it might be, what I can do, or who I should talk to about this.

Article: Hey, 23M, 72kg weight, around 175 height , I've been experiencing strange symptoms for about 3 years, and over this period, quality of my life has been progressively worsening.It all began with minor sleep issues. Initially, I'd sleep 8-9 hours but still feel the need to nap during the day due to excessive sleepiness. Currently, after three years, it has escalated to a point where I sleep up to 10 hours and still take short naps during the day, leaving me with no energy to function.Concerning sleep itself, I encounter strange hallucinations before falling asleep and during naps. I hear sounds, sometimes see things, as if I'm already asleep and dreaming even though I haven't fallen asleep yet. Additionally, about once every two weeks after waking up, I experience an olfactory hallucination – I smell an odor that doesn't exist. This happens after sleeping and lasts about 30 minutes to an hour (with the smell appearing for a few seconds intermittently during this time). I feel like I recognize the smell but can't name it, and it triggers a peculiar sensation in my body, often followed by slight twitching and intense coldness.Typically, when this smell occurs, my teeth and tongue ache the entire day (I also wear dental braces). Upon waking up, I frequently have vision problems, as if someone dropped a stone into water and made waves in it, blurring a point in my field of vision. The pulsating blurred spot in vision happens in the same spot in both eyes and subsides after a few seconds.I've observed that I remember a significant number of dreams (4-5 per night), and they are highly realistic and vivid. Occasionally, during a dream, I wake up to a loud ringing in one ear; it becomes 'quiet,' and I feel faint for a few seconds. All these symptoms, except for the ringing in the ear, occur only during sleep or immediately after waking up.As the quality of my sleep has significantly deteriorated, I lack the energy to function daily. I constantly feel the urge to sleep, and I'm starting to experience job and relationship losses. I have no idea which doctor to consult or what to investigate.The tests I've undergone so far include:MRI and CT of the head – clear.Vision tests – vision is clear, with no issues in the eye itself and its nerves (the doctor suggested that visual problems might be caused by something else in the body).Polysomnography – 5 AHI/hour, indicating very mild apnea. CPAP was tested but did not help.EEG for epilepsy – no abnormalities detected after a normal night's sleep.I would appreciate any assistance or guidance on where to go or what to investigate. Thank you in advance for any help.

Article: Hello,
  
    General info - Height: 5'1" Weight: 145lbs No smoking or recreational drug use. <1-2 cocktails a week.
  
    In September of 2022 I had a Kyleena IUD inserted. I was awake for the insertion and felt the typical amount of pain described. Afterward, I experienced severe cramping and minimal bleeding for a few hours. Beginning about 48 hours after the insertion I began having episodes of severe, sharp pain on the lower left side of my pelvis, just above and to the left of my pubic bone. The episodes would occur ~3-4 times daily and would last from 2-15 minutes each time. The pain was severe enough to cause me to have to sit on the ground in a huddle position in public, and affected my ability to perform my job.I brought this up to my OBGYN during the 4 week follow up visit, but I was told this was cramping, was normal, and would subside.The pain did not subside, and the episodes maintained the frequency mentioned above.On February 20, 2023 I saw a different OBGYN and described the issues I was having. She stated perhaps the IUD had shifted and this was the cause of the pain.She removed the IUD during that appointment.All pain episodes immediately stopped.I did not return to any form of birth control following this.
  

    On September 8, 2023 I experienced a miscarriage of a very early pregnancy (7 weeks). Following this I  continued to have bleeding/spotting and had a D&C performed on November 10, 2023 to remove tissue that had not been expelled during the miscarriage.During this procedure, my doctor recommend we try again and insert another IUD. OBGYN said it would be easier to place the IUD while I was already under general anesthesia for the D&C. This time I received Liletta.All was well. No complications in healing were noted following the procedure.However, again, beginning within about 48 hours after the insertion I am feeling the same exact pain as last time in the same exact spot.My main concern: I will spend another 5 months having multiple severe pain episodes a day with OBGYN telling me that it will subside.This pain does NOT feel like cramping. The pain is sharp, concentrated, and always in the same spot.Any ideas that I could suggest to OBGYN to work past this issue? IUD is the ideal BC for me at present, so I would like to keep it if I can.

Article: Age: 27
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 5'9"
  
    Weight: 160lb
  
    Race: White
  
    Duration of complaint: Every now and then for years
  
    I just pulled out a strangely thick hair-like object from my right eyebrow. It seems to come back in the same spot every few months or so, usually with me noticing a little bit of pain in the center of my eyebrow and a bristly-like object just beginning to poke out. The base of it is seems a little sticky. Comparison of normal eyebrow hair next to the thick hair in the photo below.
  
    Is it pili multigemini? Something else?
  
    Photo: https://imgur.com/a/nfhyRis

Article: I’m 24F, he’s 19M, 5’7, 94 pounds.
  
    I’ve been in and out of the hospital with my little brother for the past 3 months due to sudden onset of dyspnea, voice hoarseness, and widespread muscle weakness. Other symptoms include widespread twitching (which he says feels like muscles vibrating and he has small involuntary movements that accompany them).  Any joint hurts after using it (fingers, ankles, knees mostly).
  
    Here’s some clips on what his muscles do when he contracts them: https://imgur.com/a/1xzdEIO

    For 3-5 years before this episode, his only symptoms were waking up with very painful cramps on both his legs, and would get painful jaw cramps when yawning. He’s always been very uncoordinated. He also has a history of being underweight, malnutrition and persistent mouth/tongue sores with recurrent respiratory infections (mostly sore throat and stuffy nose, no coughing or fever).
  
    Tests/Results:
  
    Neurological testing revealed hyperreflexia, spasticity in legs, positive Romberg and heel-to-shin test, positive babinsky and hoffman. He has abnormal gait and when he walks, he moves his entire torso forward and backward. If he stands with his two feet together and eyes open, his entire body starts losing balance and then starts wiggling sideways and forward/backward again. If he sits up straight with his back/neck stretched out, he stars falling to the right side. finger-to-nose test was normal.
  


    Tested negative for all autoantibodies (scleroderma, lupus, myositis, vasculitis). CRP and ESR within normal limits. Normal CK enzyme.
  


    MRI of brain and spine showed no lesions but “abnormally enlarged ventricles taking into account patient’s age”.
  
    EMG was done on four limbs but no paraspinal/bulbar muscles and showed “Results within normal limits. Discrete fibrillations and increased insertional activity found in right trapezoid and deltoid muscles” which both the neurophysiologist and neurologist disregarded as incidental findings. Motor and sensory NCS was normal.

Article: 41F - Contrast CT b/c mild stomach discomfort and flank pain on both sides
  
    Multiple hypodense lesions present scattered throughout the liver.  The largest in the left lob segment 11 measures 1 cm and appears to show peripheral nodular discontinous enhancement.  A second lesion near the dome of the liver also appears to show nodular enhancement.  There is no intrahepatic or extrahepatic biliary dilation.
  
    Impression - Multiple hypodense lesions within the liver as described are not fully characterized on single phase exam but appear to represent hemangiomas.
  
    I spoke to radiologist and he said he saw a total of 5 lesions.  The other ones not mentioned were tiny and very hard to see the peripheral enhancement on venous phase.  Having said that, he could see a hint of nodular peripheral enhancement on one of the tiny ones.  The largest of the small ones is 3/8 so very hard to see.  He said he is 99.9% sure they are all hemangiomas and not to worry but did say I did a MRI liver mass protocol for a definitive answer.  I said could this be METS and he just said, it is not Mets.
  
    Of course, I am worried. Does what he said sound correct? Could the ones he saw with peripheral enhancement be hemangiomas but the others not? Is it concerning to have 5? What are your thoughts? The thought of waiting weeks to get back in has me stressed.

Article: I, 25F have sharted (shit while farting) I’d say 3 days in the last month.
  
    Not consecutively and not all day the first 2 times. This last tame started yesterday. I took a BM early at work. I wipe until the TP is white and I continue on my day. But the entire day upto and including this morning, if I fart i will end up wiping my ass like I left it dirty. Its happened every time I’ve gone pee.
  
    I can’t find any rhyme or reason. I started changing my diet and eating healthier about 4 months ago. I usually only eat 1-2 meals a day. And I eat the same things: grapes, apples, bananas, peanuts, cashews, strawberries, ice cream, pretzels and chips for snacks; stir fry, pasta, eggs with a carb, Thai curry, for meals (lunch options are limited around here.) there’s been no real change since this started happening other than we stopped getting Indian food every Friday this past month (samosa chaat and chicken tika Marsala) and Halloween candy.
  
    I take birth control and smoke weed 2-3 days a week to help with my muscle pains. I have fibromyalgia, anxiety, depression and OCD. My BM has always been a little weird. I only poop once every 2 days or so, but I’ve pooped 4 times in the past 2 days. I feel gross and dirty and like I can’t keep myself clean

Article: Age 28
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 5,7
  
    Weight 220
  
    Race White
  
    Few days ago I had a bad panic attack and couldn’t get my heart to slow down because it was beating really fast..after a few hours It calmed down to normal but ever since my chest has been sore should I go to the er and get it checked out?

Article: My mom (female, not smoker, going to turn 50 soon)  has immense headaches on regular basis. Currently, she had been feeling pain constantly for few days, she said that it's in the front part of the skull above her left eye to around the half of her sculp. Today, as I am writing this, the pain is so immense she can barely do anything. She has been to the doctor, neurologist, and he told her that she has 3 types of headaches at once but he didn't really help much, just gave some pills to ease the pain, not to actually treat the headaches. I want to really help my mom, do u have any suggestions, ideas, anything that could help her?

Article: Age - 35
  
    Sex - Male
  
    Race - White
  
    Weight - 230
  
    Duration - 1 week
  
    Medical History - Anxiety, Depression, ADHD
  
    Current Meds - Wellbutrin(200mg), Venlafaxine (35.5mg)
  
    I recently had Venlafaxine added to my prescriptions I am taking. I haven't been sleeping very well (just not feeling tired, constantly feeling wide awake) which I knew could happen, that's all fine and good. I am a bit jittery as well, with the inability to really sit still. The weird thing I'm having though is that I feel like I can't control my hands at times? I don't really know how else to explain it... Basically, my hands will just grip really hard while being extremely shaky. It doesn't last long, maybe 3-5 seconds when it does happen, but it is very unnerving when my body is doing something like that without me consciously trying to do so. Is this a normal side effect? Is this something I should bring up with my doctor? Or is it just part of the jittery-ness that will likely subside after getting more used to the medication?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 19M, 5'6, 66kg. The only existing medical issue i'm aware of is scoliosis and low blood pressure. I don't drink, smoke or use drugs, and i'm in Italy.
  
    I'm unsure when it started exactly, but it has probably been atleast 6-8 months. During the day i'm usually doing various things and don't think about my water intake nearly as much as i should, but more recently i've been noticing how i'll have a 1,5 liter bottle of water sitting by me for multiple days. The only time where i drink a bit more is when i go to the gym, and at best it's half a liter. I don't drink soda, and whenever i do push myself to drink some water, not too long after and i pass it right out with clear urine as if i was drinking too much.
  
    This would all be fine and dandy to me even if a bit weird, but i've been noticing how every now and then i just have moments of extreme lightheadedness, weakness and confusion that have never happened to me before, and could only connect it to my water intake since i've had blood pressure problems since forever and its never done this.
  
    If i try to drink past a certain amount of water i'll literally have to go to the bathroom multiple times in the same hour, and it also doesn't feel good at all. The only reason i haven't gone to get this checked out is because it's not a problem that impacts how i feel all the time, it's just sometimes i have these weird moments that i described earlier.
  
    What should i do?

Article: Hello all, I’ve (M25) been seeing multiple ENT specialists and primary care doctors for this issue and none of them have turned up any useful information the entire past year, so I turn to you for help with my next steps.
  
    My primary issue is that on both sides of the center of my throat, there is something causing clicking, and it causes me sharp and also lingering pain, and can even get so bad as to cause headaches and nausea from time to time just because of how uncomfortable I become. After doing research I’m unsure what it is aside from possibly something called a clicking hyoid, and even then I’m not sure because I worry they could be lumps of some kind.
  
    I’ve gotten a CT scan, ultrasound, and x-ray of my neck and upper body and they pulled up nothing, so is it safe to rule out cancer or anything just yet? The doctors seemed to think so.
  
    Another issue I’m having is with lots of mucus buildup and foam in my throat. Sometimes this makes it difficult to burp and it sometimes even feels like my airways are being constricted while I lay down. I also have issues with snoring and am unsure if these are related to either of the above.
  
    I have no prior history of medical issues, though my mother has had breast cancer.
  
    Thank you for any advice you can give, it would really help with figuring out what is going on with me!
  
    Edit: I’m 5’ 11” and ~235 lbs. in case that information is relevant!

Article: Hello, I'm lance, male, 20 years old. I have this red spot on my finger, I recently got into an accident where the middle of my nail is cut along with my nail fold. I don't know if its a dried blood on my finger but no matter how many times I wash it, it stays there. And I'm overthinking if its a mole? Like melanoma haha

Article: Hey all. End of September I was dealing with Covid for the 2nd time, and I primarily dealt with upper respiratory and acid reflux. A week or 2 after recovery, morning after eating pizza it’s like a switch has flipped. I had intense bloating and abdominal pain, burning, sweating, no appetite, throat felt full, and I panicked.
  
    Prior to this experience, I also began to have anxiety out of nowhere. I have never dealt with it but it came out of nowhere. I feel like it also spiraled me into this. I decided to go to my urgent care clinic, and the doctor there checked my vitals and gave me an EKG which was good. She suspected it to be acute gastritis. So she prescribed 20mg of omeprazole. I took it for about 4 days and I wasn’t feeling any better, so I finally decided to go to my PCP. I was starting to lose weight from not eating, and he was concerned so he ordered some tests. I got my bloodwork done and everything was fine, just a low AST value which probably meant my vitamin B was low. Also my IGA level was a little low but my TTG IGA antibody was perfect.
  
    Stool test as well, tested for H pylori, celiac, calprotectin, parasites, etc. Those results also came back normal. So at this point I’m just at loss. I was hoping for a positive for h pylori so I could finally just treat myself. Then I had a whole ordeal ordering my CT scan bc my insurance said it wasn’t “necessary”. Finally got it though and it’s tomorrow, but I’m just freaking out. Past few weeks I have tried hard to stick to a bland diet, had some minor setbacks thinking I was better since I felt good for a few days. Had black pepper the other night and it absolutely destroyed me.
  
    I’m constantly weighing myself and have become a hypochondriac because I just want an answer. I’m always looking at myself in the mirror. It’s not like I’m a twig right now, I’m 5’10 177 currently (used to weigh around 183-185). But I myself notice it. I’m constantly looking for reassurance from my mom, who is a nurse, and my girlfriend.
  
    I just feel weak overall and have 0 motivation. I like to stay home all day and dwell in my room. I want this to be over and I want to have my life back. I will say my diet prior to this was not great. As a college student who commutes an hour to school, I would go without eating the entire day until I got home and absolutely gorged into the food. I was also infamous for eating super late and laying down right after eating. I also used to drink seltzer drinks a lot, no soda though.
  
    Some of my symptoms have subsided. But I wake up in the morning with intense anxiety and some nausea. Deal with acid reflux occasionally so I take famotadine for that. I just want a fricken answer, not sure if it’s gerd, gastritis, or both idk. If my CT comes back clean I don’t know what to do. I might try to push for an endoscopy but they are literally months out which is ridiculous.
  
    I’ve also been dealing with muscle twitching lately, in my right arm, eyelid, legs, feet, etc. I stopped taking my multivitamin because it has citric acid and sugar, which I feel like would cause me to flare up.
  
    If anyone can relate or just provide some guidance, it would be greatly appreciated. Sorry for the long shpeel!

Article: F21 recently i’ve been waking up in the middle of the night, with a sharp stabbing pain on the left side of my chest. It usually goes away within a minute or two and i can’t barely remember waking up from it anymore.
  
    when the pain goes away i fall right back asleep. It doesn’t happen during the day at all either. As far as i can remember it’s usually once a night, every night.
  
    I’m not sure what would cause this? I get heart palpitations during the day and i do have some stomach issues but it feels nothing like that and it’s painful enough to wake me. Thoughts?

Article: It's been a week later and I struggled to fall asleep until 6:00am this morning and now I'm barely up drinking tons of caffeine to wake up and I can't even keep focus in my morning meetings. This has been my routine for 2 years now. I can't keep it up. I'm going to break.
  
    Located in Canada 32yo and desperate for answers cause right now I'm really upset and feel trapped in a medical spiral. I can't function like this much longer, I'm begging for help at this point. I'm not getting answers anywhere and I'm literally crying into a void I feel so helpless so yeah I'm gonna ask here cause it seems everyone thinks I just want to get "JACKED" and be "HARD"... I'm just a regular everyday nerdy guy I haven't even been to a gym in YEARS!
  
    I really do not understand why I wasn't given HRT a week ago and want to know why I wouldn't be given it when I'm quite confident I am the ideal candidate right now. (I don't want to even call it TRT-- I'm not a gymrat, I'm the furthest thing from a bodybuilder, I'm not looking for sports performance, I'm looking to be able to function in my day to day! I'm a NERD!!!).
  
    It sounded more like he was worried about my little bit of body fat and wanted to put me on ozempic. (I have no chin due to severe underbite I've always had my entire life and had to shave for a different thing, so I had no beard to hide my lack of chin so my bit of weight looked way heavier on me than it is. I'm ~220lbs right now at 5'10 and a shoulder span that fits a door I'm not a small dude even if I was anorexic and I was once upon a time) Frankly ozempic scares me a lot more than TRT based on studies and people's stories coming out, and feels like it's attacking a symptom (excess fat deposits, which have been directly aimed at being a symptom of low testosterone levels).
  
    My diet has no pop in it to cut out, my diet has no chips to cut out, my diet does not involve walmart cakes or ice creams or whatever.  If I did then sure I'd say yeah cut out the diet and get to the gym. But I really don't, frankly most days I don't eat enough cause I am too tired/unmotivated to even get up and cook.
  
    My parents say it's cause I'm lazy too. And I'm like maybe? I just can't make up the drive when I'm tired from work to cook a meal. I just can't. My life now I see my test results I can tell is falling apart because of hormones and I can't do squat about it. I'm "low mood" I'm not motivated, I'm tired and it's a perpetual wheel.
  
Symptoms:

    Constant fatigue regardless of sleep, regardless of diet, regardless of stimulation. Extreme emotional outbursts and emotional swings at times. Completely dysregulated sleep because it's super incredibly hard to initially fall asleep (once I'm asleep it's not a problem, I definitely don't have sleep apnea) like I'll spend hours rolling in bed. I struggle to keep focus thorough the day.
  
    Is this impacting my day to day? Yes 100%. My sleep has become "biphasic" where I am pushing at my ( job and then I'm so fatigued overtired that I either go to my bed and lay down or I'm going to fall over in my chair. (I'm just a WFH desk job not a physical job at all I shouldn't be this tired). My job is also definitely at risk because of lack of focus and I've been zoning out of meetings and been spacey and all the rest. I'm going to lose my job at this rate.
  
    1.) Back in May I got this testosterone test
  


    Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final May 25, 2023 04:00 PM Testosterone, Total 6.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Below normal range
  


    This wasn't even being actively searched for, this was taken as a part of me non-stop complaining (and I was complaining since last year, mid-late 2022 I was disastrously tired and only in May did I find this result! I was laid off of my last job in Septermber no doubt in part of how fatigued I was! This is DIRECTLY RUINING MY LIFE.)
  
    But testosterone didn't pass my mind. Thought thyroid stimulating hormone (my dad and sister are on that) or something else. I have never and will never go to a doctor outright demanding "gym performance" drugs
  
    2.) Months later followup tests (I almost had a breakdown when I found out how long I had to wait)
  
    I'll just copy/paste the entire screen and put test at the top. I know SHBG and LH and the rest impact it so I won't just ignore it.
  


    Testosterone, Free Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Free 237.8 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 175.0-700.0 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  


    For free testosterone for a 32Y old male this is super low, also this is being taken at the start of the morning from the timing and so my levels just absolutely tank later in the day. Also from what I've been told this reference range includes everything from young males all the way to 80 year old men.
  
    I am not okay being at the level of an 80 year old man at 32!
  
    2. Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Total 8.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    Same thing as above, why is this okay? This is clearly pushing the absolute bottom of the barrel first thing in the morning. I'm about to have a breakdown even as I read this. How does this not fully indicate that I have a huge testosterone problem?
  
    3.) Rest of the results
  3. Glucose, Fasting Status:Final Oct 27, 2023 12:12 PM Glucose, Fasting 4.7 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 3.3-6.0 (mmol/L) Abnormality: - Hours Fasting 8.0 hour(s) Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
    Abnormality: -
  
    4. Prolactin Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Prolactin 16.9 ug/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <21.0 (ug/L) Abnormality: -
  
    5.  Calcium Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Calcium 2.40 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 2.10-2.60 (mmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    6. Estradiol Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Estradiol 66 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <160 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    7. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) 3.4 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <7.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    8. Cortisol, AM Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Cortisol AM 688 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 120-620 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Above normal range
  
    9. Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) 2.52 mIU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 0.20-6.50 (mIU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    10. .Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Luteinizing Hormone (LH) 2.0 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <12.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    11. Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) 44 ng/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 15-65 (ng/L) Abnormality: -
  
    12. Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) 16 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 6-65 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    13. Creatinine Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Creatinine 84 umol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 50-120 (umol/L) Abnormality: - eGFR 106 mL/min/1.73m2 Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
  

    59 (mL/min/1.73m2) Abnormality: -
  

    14. Hemoglobin A1c Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Hemoglobin A1c 5.6 % Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 4.3-5.9 (%) Abnormality: -
  
    Honestly I'm at the point where I don't know why the hesitancy at all for me. I've been struggling since late 2022 (at the least) with this exhaustion thinking it was something else and finally got results in May to show low testosterone.
  
    I'm not okay. I do not understand why the hesitancy meanwhile we have trans individuals (rightfully so) get this on a regular basis for gender affirming care. Is it not safe? Like I feel I'm being given a run around.
  
    I want to be able to function. I can't even bring up the motivation to make a meal for myself to eat let alone drive to the gym or anything else. I don't even shower anymore becauwse it's so exhausting. This is literally ruining my life.

Article: I have a high pain tolerance (according to a neurologist who performed a sensory test on me 15+ years ago, needles inserted throughout my body).
  
    When I first got an IUD 7 years ago, I went to a clinic. Once I secured an ob/gyn (new insurance), I notified them of the cramping I was enduring, and they discovered the IUD was inserted improperly/not fully in. They replaced it via ultrasound, and for the second time in my life, I nearly passed out due to the pain.
  
    I'm now anxious about the upcoming replacement, and as I was researching online and Reddit, a nurse suggested I ask for a misoprostol to soften the cervix. They called and said they normally do not prescribe this to patients any more, but they will call it in since I've asked for it.
  
    Is there a reason why this isn't advised? I told them I'm willing to take their suggestions, but last time, I had to lay in the office for 30 minutes after nearly passing out.
  
    What's the consensus on this?
  
    My ex had pain meds with his vasectomy...all they've suggested is ibuprofen prior to the procedure, , but that doesn't do much for my pain, in any case.
  
    Thank you

Article: I’ve been having a weird eye thing going on for about 9 months.
  
    If I look at a fixed object, keep looking at it and lower my head down, I see a black circle appear in each eye. The more I tilt my head down, the darker the circles get. As soon as I lift my head up they go away.
  
    37F, very obese (working on it!), daily vape usage. Depression/anxiety (lexapro and lamictal), migraines 4-5x monthly (sumatriptan PRN). I’m very nearsighted (20/500, 20/600) and wear contacts daily (-7.5). My mom has macular degeneration.
  
    What’s going on and should I be worried?

Article: I've already booked a visit with an ent, but what is wrong with my tonsils? Is that just a normal way tonsils look? 31F, 5'5'', 160lbs. I think it started looking like this about a year ago but I'm honestly not sure, I can't remember exactly what my tonsils looked like a year or 2 ago.
  
    Last edit: photo link posted under the stickied comment (I'm not sure where should I put it)

Article: F28 120lbs 163cm
  
    I have nasal polyposis, allergies, asthma, the works. My polyps are very bad right now which affects how bad my asthma is. For context, I usually walk everywhere because I live right downtown. I can no longer walk to work (20 min away) and sometimes have trouble even walking to the grocery store (4 min away). Real exercise is not even a slight possibility
  
    I was put on a new routine of
  
    Flovent 2 puffs twice a day Ventolin 2 puffs twice a day
  
    And seriously, I feel addicted to the pumps. They open up my chest so much….I feel immediate relief Did not feel like this with symbicort, is this normal or am I going crazy?

Article: Just got my blood work back today and everything was perfect with the exception of having high bilirubin 1.8. I had blood work 9 months ago and it was 1.9. After the first test I have since been put on ozempic and Vyvanse and my PCP said she will monitor the bilirubin levels but suspects it is due to my prescriptions. My concern is that it is the second time it has been high consecutively, is this something that I should seek care for sooner than later? Or is it ok to monitor this a little bit longer. Just some background, I've lost about 70 pounds since the first blood work and still working for more. I'm a non smoker that drinks maybe once a month (But should note I did indulge a bit about 3 nights prior to getting the blood work)

Article: 46F, stage 4 endo (waiting on surgery). Depoprovera, NSAIDs
  
    If you start with a clean bowel (after say colonoscopy or diarrhea), what is the average time it takes from the time you eat something to the time you have to poop?

Article: Hi all,
  
    25M, 5’5” 185lbs. First of all I should say I’m typing this now while on a five-hour flight from DC to Seattle. I take testosterone/arimidex, finasteride, methylphenidate ER, propranolol (prehypertensive for the last year), and am allergic to penicillin.
  
    Two weeks ago, I presented to the ER due to dull achy pain in my right leg. It’s nonspecific, but I have sharp pain at times in between the joints. At that time, my leg looked completely fine and has not visually changed. Remaining stationary tends to increase the pain. I experience brief relief when I stand up/sit down, but only for the initial 1-2 minutes until it starts again. Pain is constantly at least level 2 but sometimes spikes to level 6/7 in random places on my right leg. It does seem to be most painful at my hip and knee joints.
  
    During 1st ER visit, I was echo scanned for DVT because I have secondary erythrocytosis (managed by hematological oncologist) and was concerned about blood clot. Negative for DVT and was also tested for STIs except syphilis (which I had a false positive for a few months ago.) They told me my CBC was normal even though RBC, Monocytes, and ALT are slightly elevated. I was told to follow up with GP for sciatica. I do have a history of sciatica but this feels different.
  
    I followed up that week with both GP and hemotological oncologist. GP seems to think this is anxiety/stress because I do have a history of overreaction to medical events. Hemotological oncologist said my RBC was high again and performed venesection during our visit that week.
  
    A couple days later, this past Sunday, I went back to the ER as the pain had worsened and spread. Was told to take NSAIDs around the clock and to start a 21 pill steroid pack. They did an XRAY as I requested because no other imaging was done until then except ultrasound. XRAY came back normal and I was sent on my way. No bloodwork was done at this visit.
  
    I am now on day 3 of steroid pack, taking any/all NSAIDs I can find, and I have been taking some gabapentin I was prescribed a few months ago for cannabis withdrawal (for context: I was trying to quit but was unsuccessful.) I am sitting on this plane and I feel achy, cold, didn’t sleep well, and my leg hurts more than ever. Occasionally I am getting sharp pain in my right shoulder and left buttock. I have a migraine on the right side of my head today, as well.
  
    Am I crazy or should I go to the ER a third time when I land? I don’t like wasting the ER’s time/resources but I am young, relatively healthy, and now all this is happening rather acutely. Sciatica or some sort of infection? HELP!! I don’t want to suffer unnecessarily because some doctors aren’t being thorough.
  
    If so, any hospital recommendations in Seattle? I have good insurance 0% copay.

Article: 40 yr old AFr.Am. Female 5' 5 208lbs
  
    This started on October 17th after doing a short 2 mile walk exercise at home via youtube video. The next day my private area became numb and over the next couple of days it got worse. I could still use the bathroom normally but the feeling was strange. Then i noticed my feet and legs became numb and tingly then it went up to  my trunk area and then hands. Everything is now back to normal except the trunk area and hands which are the worse. I notice when i bend my neck i get the feeling in my back and sometimes it feels like electricity going into my hands and legs (lhermittes sign) i had this before about a year ago but it went away.
  

    Went to the ER and had an MRI and bloodwork done and they said it came back good but when i went to  my doc and she reviewed the results it said something about stenosis. I was told a year ago that i have mild lower cervical spondylosis and was told to do exercises for it. I thought this was what was causing the lhermittes sign but i dont know. I went to see a neurologist and she did a physical exam and that was good and im set to see her again in 2 weeks. She thinks the cause was stopping my anxiety meds suddenly after running out and not being able to get them for a few weeks after. The numbness and tingling in my hands is whats bothering me the worse. why has everything else gotten better except that and wouldnt the MRI have shown lesions because now im worried about MS because of the lhermittes sign.
  
    Medicines i take: Sertraline 150mg, Metoprolol Succ.50mg and B complex vitamin

Article: I'm 43 year old male. 5' 10" 175lbs with a history of high liver function tests. It started 9 years ago. I was a heavy in drinker in 20's and 30's. I started getting high LFT results back in 2014. The last 9 years my LFT's have gone from extermely high ALT 331 and AST 156 then back to normal just in July I was at AST 22 and ALT 41. I've stopped drinking altogether her and there and I went to the DR and he said I can go back to normal drinking standards 2 drinks per day. Well I did and I went to get tested yesterday and I am AST 27 and ALT 77. I have extreme itching all over my body which I think may be related to this. Why would just 2 drinks a day spike my ALT up again (By the way I don't drink every day I probably have 2 beers 4 days a week)After you've had a history of high LFT can you ever go back to drinking again or is your liver forever going to be sensitive to any alcohol?

Article: 23F, 5'6" 189lb Needing some help here as my doctors are just as confused as I am.
  
    Starting Dec 2022 I started having morning nausea. This progressed to morning vomiting daily. The moment I wake up I feel nauseous and throw up or dry heave shortly after. This happens usually within the first hour I'm awake. It also feels like my gag reflex is highly sensitive.
  
    Recently it has progressed to vomiting all food and liquids and diarrhea so had to stay in the ER  to get rehydrated.
  
    My doctors are at a loss for what it could be. I do use cannabis for the nausea, but the vomiting started well before I started using it so its not CHS. I do get little mild headaches sometimes but I believe that its because I'm dehydrated.
  
    My doctors ordered a bunch of stool tests and an upper endoscopy, but they admitted that they are at a loss.
  
    Anyone seen this presentation before? Any help would be appreciated.

Article: I (31F, 112lbs, 5’1, no drugs or alcohol) was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease (NMOSD) last year. I was prescribed clonazepam to help with motor tics and anxiety. I got pregnant in July and stopped taking my clonazepam. My anxiety was at its peak and I had difficulties sleeping. I had a missed miscarriage discovered at first ultrasound. I’d like to get pregnant again soon and am wondering if I’d be able to continue to take my clonazepam to avoid the anxiety like the first time. I can’t get in my OB until I’m actually pregnant and at the 8 week mark.
  
    TIA!

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: As the title says, I woke up this morning and couldn't feel my right arm. I've had this happen a couple times before, but never to this extent: in those occasions, I'd get a tingly feeling and then shake my arm and everything would go back to normal. This time, however, the tingly feeling was different and then I realised I literally could not feel my right arm at all: I grabbed it with my left hand and it was dead weight, I was able to "artificially" move it up and down a couple of times before I started feeling it again and when this happened, I checked my right hand and it was dark red at the bottom of the palm and also dark red in some knuckles (2nd, 3rd and 5th fingers, I believe).
  
    It's worth noting that this always happens with my arm in an "L" shape upwards, with my hand often underneath my head and my shoulder at the end of my pillow. Could I be somehow pinching a nerve in that position? Is it something else? Should I be concerned?

Article: I've recently noticed a strange issue with my hearing. I listen to music on my laptop while I'm working and it sounds like the EQ settings are changing every minute or so. For example if you were to switch between rock/flat/bass/pop.
  
    I have had some tinnitus for the last few years. It's a bit annoying but it doesn't stop me from sleeping.
  
    I've checked that there isn't anything whacky going on with my laptop - I've sat and watched the volume/EQ and they stay the same.
  
    Interestingly, I've never noticed this while wearing earbuds.
  
    Height - 180cm
  
    Weight - 80kg
  
    Race - White European
  
    Duration - Every few minutes while listening to music on my laptop
  
    Drink - Yes
  
    Smoke - No
  
    Recreational drugs - No
  
    Country - Scotland

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: The = equals sign in the title is a mistake, it was supposed to be a plus +.
  
    Sorry for the wall of text, wanted to include detailed symptoms but tried to keep it as brief as possible (and did a poor job at it). Feel free to just scroll down for the results of the checkup I had a few days ago that I got today.
  
    35M chronology:
  
    Was having weird aches and pains in body in June, got blood and ultrasound checked, ALT 66 and mild NAFLD confirmed via ultrasound. Changed diet completely, never eaten healthier, only white meat and no fast food or bad fats, lowered carb intake. Also got vitamin D supplements because it was deficient.
  
    A few weeks before the above, in May, I had Covid, mostly mild.
  
    Some two months ago, in early October, I started getting unusual systemic symptoms. They were mild and mostly not too debilitating, but scary and uncomfortable.
  
    My symptoms started with fatigue and muscle pain in hips-thighs (similar to post-exercise pain, but without exercise), sometimes transient lightheadedness. I also got mild skin flushing and redness/warmth in face and arms particularly, this would increase with heat and kind of come and go during the day. The flushing in my arms and hands had a granular visual quality to it upon looking closely, but it was completely flat, painless and not itchy, and would disappear. Didn't react to antihistamines that I've noticed. Got my blood checked, everything normal, my ALT had reduced to 37 and doctor couldn't feel the fatty liver any more. I was told it's probably a reaction to the viral infection.
  
    Then these symptoms partly diminished (except the flushing, which continued) and got replaced with migratory aches in tendons (asymmetric, a few joints every day, not bone or muscle pain but tendon pain that felt a bit better with massaging the area) that would often get quite uncomfortable. These aches moved around my body but were most uncomfortable in my fingers and thighs and hips. Didn't affect the back or neck, only the limbs.
  
    As joint pains faded, I started getting random mild swelling in hands and feet, mostly on the right side of the body. Also uncomfortable vascular pains: it felt like blood would pool up in my lower legs and in my arms when they were lowered, but this wasn't always the case, only sporadically. My arms would get quite red and feel heavy, upon elevating them they would turn white after a few seconds and feel better. Blood vessels became quite more visible and I had random aches and pains around my body and especially my limbs. The worst was my lower right leg in the calf and top and side of the ankle where the pain was getting to the point where it messed with my daily functioning. Was also getting weird little transient headaches in the front of my head, and sometimes pressure in the temples.
  
    Went to the doc, he told me the joint pain was reactive arthritis and that it would most often pass on its own. My blood was fine, but Uric Acid was 8.5 (despite me not drinking or eating most things that elevate it). I got allopurinol for that. I also started drinking 100mg aspirin as well as magnesium citrate. A few days before the checkup I had a sudden high fever for around six hours in the evening, with moderate digestive discomfort, but I think this was an unrelated food bug. Fever was gone next morning and I felt amazing. A few days after this and drinking the uric acid meds and aspirin and I am mostly fine, with some residual discomfort but nothing too bad. It's like the whole thing mostly just passed. I had no respiratory problems during all of this.
  
    I did a full body medical checkup a few days ago that I have with my insurance.
  
Checkup:

    No inflammatory markers, protein in urine or unusual blood values (nor did I have any of these at any time), except %LUC 5.9 and LYMPH 1.18. Doc said that's unremarkable and not a big deal, my %LYMPH is 21.4. Sugar is normal, as is all else.
  
    Hormones normal.
  
    Ultrasound found 2-3 small kidney stones in one kidney (<3mm), this is new. When I told the doctor doing the ultra that I had NAFLD, she said she doesn't see anything like that, but that the liver color is very slightly off (should be same as kidney, was slightly less dark), but so slight that she wasn't even going to mention it on the report. No swelling or irregularities of any kind.
  
    The only thing that worries is that my ALT is now 111 (12-78 good range), and AST is 43 (15-37 good range). For comparison, back in June when my ALT was 66, the normal range was 10-50, but this test was done in a different lab. My alt was 37 in Ocotber when my NAFLD was already in remission.
  
    The doctor thought it might just be an acute reaction and that I should do a follow up in a month and see if the values are still high.
  
    I have no Hepatitis-specific symptoms that I'm aware of like jaundice, stool color. My appetite is fine, I have no nausea, itching or bleeding issues. In fat, I feel better than I have in weeks. I have let myself go on the bad diet in the last weeks, but not as badly as I was when I was diagnosed with NAFLD in June.
  
    So I don't know, trying not to worry and will just go back to eating healthy and trying to exercise.
  
    Can it be that if this was long covid, it just screwed with the liver a bit? Can ALT and AST fluctuate so wildly over the months in case of actual liver disease? From 66 to 37 to 111 in 4 months?
  
    Of course, any insight is more than welcome, but I know this is very non-specific.

Article: So I had wrapped my ankle with a ace bandage not for existing swelling but just to bandage the area with some wounds cause I'm allergic to adhesive bandaids.
  
    I stupidly wrapped my area clearly too tight while I was half asleep
  
    My toes swelling went down fast but my foot still looks like a football after 3 hrs. Should I be worried or I am I just being impatient?
  
    I forgot to mention but once I woke up & noticed it was swollen, I unwrapped it immediately.
  
    F23

Article: Female, aged 23, height 5'4, weight 107.9, white, no drugs or drinking. Dusty metal broke skin a few days (11/11) ago, don't have a tetanus booster (got my last TDAP shot at 11, 23 now), noticed beginning Sunday (a day after) up till now my muscles are achy despite me not doing anything, what do I do? Being told I'm overreacting by family and that they 'forbid me to get the booster' and that it 'can cause more harm' but my muscles feel sore in my upper back mainly and back of neck and I don't know what to do. Also scared of adverse reactions the booster but also scared of tetanus and I'm just nervous and don't know what to do. Please advise.

Article: 29F, no significant medical hx, active lifestyle and healthy weight
  
    Received these results (pictured on post below). I will be doing a colpo and ecc in a couple of weeks. I understand the next steps are dependent on those results but just wondering if anyone has recommendations to preserve my fertility, such as LEEP vs cryo?
  
    I’ve been reading online and just a little overwhelmed with some info saying it doesn’t affect fertility and others saying it does. I just want to know what direction to look towards before my appt with the MD.
  
    Thank you!!
  
    I’m a little worried, I know I shouldn’t be assuming it’ll be cancer or even precancerous but it’s hard to stop the mind from racing.

Article: Hi. 19M, 6’5, 200lbs. I vaped for around 2 years, but quit on November 1st. I’ve been having this sort of stabbing, duller pain in the bottom area of my rib cage on both sides. It’s probably been around a month. I went up north with my gf and I had some pain there, but it wasn’t really worrisome until halloween. Sometimes it feels like its my ribs and sometimes it feels like its under my ribs. I’ve been struggling with health anxiety a lot recently and I’ve had 2 panic attacks in two weeks. Sunday night was the worst. I had like 10 hypnic jerks and I almost fell asleep but my whole body felt like a heart beat and it was extremely fast. I’ve felt extremely off, I’ve also lost my appetite. I don’t know if thats because of my anxiety or not. I haven’t had my bloodwork done in a long time but I assume I’m deficient in every vitamin. Mainly D. I keep checking my nails to see if they’re turning blue.  My postures also kind of fucked so I think that could have something to do with it. I’ve been extremely stressed outside of my health as well, my gf said my back feels like a rock its so tense. I have no cough but I have some post nasal drip with clear mucus. I’m freaking out. Should I go to the doctor? Is it just bad anxiety? Do I have cystic fibrosis? Wtf is going on.

Article: (M62) In June 2023, my ferritin levels were 15 ng/mL, but they have now risen to 677 ng/mL. Similarly, my iron levels increased from 43 u/dL to 185 ug/dL during the same period, without any history of iron supplementation.
  
    In terms of liver health, my ALT was within the normal range at 30 IU/L in June 2023, but it has since elevated to 56 IU/L.
  
    I was diagnosed with primary polycythemia vera and initially prescribed hydroxyurea in June. However, after a month on this medication without improvement with PV blood levels and noticing an increase in ALT levels, I switched to Jakafi. Subsequently, all my PV-related blood work normalized after a few weeks on Jakafi. Despite this, my recent ALT test still shows elevated levels.
  
    The question arises whether there is a potential connection between the high ferritin/iron levels and the elevated ALT. 
  
    Would love some input.
  
    Thanks

Article: Dear doctors (or self proclaimed ones) of Reddit,
  
    Male, 21, 182cm, 85kg.
  
    I’ve been experiencing shortness of breath for a little over 2 years now. Life has drastically changed ever since.
  
    It started with breathlessness after exertion, then progressed to even when rested.
  
    I’ve even had moments where I’m unable to take a breath and inhale, so much so I’m cold sweating and dizzy - ambulances were called but no issues found upon arrival due to them arriving after the episode of breathlessness has passed.
  
    symptoms include -
  


    Difficulty to inhale , some times are often worse than others
  


    Inability to “catch” that breath
  


    Sweating after little physical activity
  


    Very cold feet
  


    Weak legs
  


    Infrequent chest pain, sometimes when inhaling
  


    All these symptoms have worsened over time and developed with the shortness of breath
  
    I’m not an anxious person, I never have been. I’ve been carefully monitoring this condition as per say a scientist monitoring a germ, not a hypochondriac proclaiming death. I have, however, smoked for several years, tobacco and recreational drugs.
  
    These are the tests I’ve done that are coming back all clear -
  


    Spirometry (done last year)
  


    Several x-rays
  


    Several blood tests
  


    Several ECGs
  


    After all these tests and no results, I decided to take this issue privately as it has hindered my quality of life to an extreme. I had a CT scan done last week and the results have come back fine. I have a follow up appointment to discuss the results with a pulmonologist tomorrow.
  
    Now that context is out of the way, I’d like to ask a question.
  
    Is it possible that on two different occasions a CT scan can miss a lung problem? Whether that may be scarring, COPD or anything that can hinder my breathing. I’ve had a low dose CT scan and a normal one with contrast. Both times doctors report normal looking lungs. But it just doesn’t match what and how I feel, it genuinely feels like I have broken, weak lungs.
  
    Can someone point me in the right direction? Should I try to get a HRCT, or biopsy even?
  
    Or at this point should I just leave it to fate? It’s been going on for so long now. I used to be very athletic, great job, beautiful girlfriend. Lost it all because of this undiagnosable illness. Everyone thinks I’m mad because tests come back clear.

Article: im planning to get creatine sometime in december.
  
    14M
  
    height: 172 cm (5'7")
  
    weight: 66kg (145lbs)
  
    how much creatine per day? ive seen forums saying 5g per day, 10g per day and the craziest one 0.3 times your body weight in kg, for me its 20.i actively go into gym and i can say that my workout session is semi intense. i usually do 2-3 sets of failure so thats 10-12 max 15 of reps each set. i want to grow my muscles as well as increase my strength. my kidneys are 100% healthy and my health generally in a good shape.
  
    for short, here are the main 3 questions:1. how much creatine per day? (in grams)2. how much water per day while on creatine? (in liters)3. how much water should my mix with my creatine? (in grams/liters)4. pre or post workout?
  
    thanks in advance.

Article: I (32F, 185lbs, white/Filipino, living in Florida,USA) had a polypectomy/d&c/IUD insertion last week. The day after surgery I had some mcdonalds (fries, nuggies and a burger). My blood glucose level shot DANGEROUSLY high to 309mg/dL. I've NEVER had it that high and was actually instructed to go to the ER..I didn't because it started going down after drinking, fasting and a walk. After some digging I found that insulin resistance can be increased from the anesthesia.
  
    Since that spike...my blood glucose levels have been the BEST IN MY LIFE. I shit you not.
  
    My fasting blood glucose usually is anywhere between 98-110mg/dL...mostly like 100mg/dL...still higher than normal people...My fasting blood glucose right now is 81mg/dL... It's NEVER been that low.
  
    My last A1C was 5.6 and had shot up from 5.2 in January(I was eating my feelings for a few months). I was diagnosed with prediabetes in 2021 and reversed it with keto/weightloss/avoiding sugar and carbs.
  
Back to the question...did I shock my system and my body is using insulin properly? Can insulin resistance be cured with a freak spike? Is this going to be short lived???

    I have the following:
  
    Hashimotos (taking levothyroxine 75mcg and liothyronine 5mcg)
  
    Insulin resistant PCOS (no androgens, no string of pearls...just IR, and anovulatory cycles and a few follicles upon diagnosis) taking metformin 1000mg er.
  
    Depression (taking buproprion 150mg SR X1 DAILY)

Article: 28F generally health.  ex bf had a flu and i think i got it. around the same time developed what i thought was a boil…. it keeps growing. it’s no longer as painful but looks horrible. i’ve been cleaning daily but it bleeds a lot.. no smells but lots of leaking… unsure if i am getting better or what it could be

Article: 26, Female, 167 cm, 57 kg, Caucasian, no big medical issues
  
    A year ago I've developed a pinching pain in my lower right abdomen, right next to belly button and a bit down. The pain then was 8/10, I worried it might have been apendicitis, but I received blood tests and a CT scan- nothing. The surgeon there told me to check with my gynaecologist for possible endometriosis. I did, everything is perfectly fine.
  
    I thought it might be IBS, but the pain is located in one place. In addition to that I experienced right foot moving on its own after covid vaccine and general stiffness in the right side of my body for several months. Could the abdominal pinching pain be just another side effect? Now I believe the most probable answer is that it's ACNES, but I will obviously have to seek further medical examimation.
  
    The only thing that changed in my life however is the long hours I spend in front of my computer due to starting my career and more stress. I'm also right-handed if it helps. I guess it's around 11h everyday sitting.
  
    Is it even possible the pain might come from clenching my stomach muscles all the time from stress and sitting position, if it is just one spot hurting?
  
    Thanks for all the answers

Article: Several days of pressure in chest when breathing, primarily right lung .hypertensive.

Day of: BP and HR low (for me)  but within normal range. Pain on inspiration  Moderate pain/ pressure underneath bottom of right rib cage/ right lung, air felt cold/menthol when breathing, trouble swallowing on the day, pain migrated to centre of chest chest, left side chest, left shoulder, numb/tingling/weak left arm, left leg, and then right leg (though not as severe). Breathing issues/chest pain dissipated and then other weird symptoms followed
  
    29 yo Female with antiphospholipid Syndrome, hypertension, caucasion, 5'4 60 kg

Article: I passed a very strange BM on Sunday. I have a paralyzing fear of intestinal parasites, like I was up until 4am nauseous over it, but after posting in several different subreddits and online forums I don’t think that’s what it was. After some research I think it may have been candida overgrowth. I’m on amoxicillin for strep and a double each infection and I’m day 9 of 10. So the BM happened on day 7. I can find barely any information or pictures of what candida overgrowth in stool would look like. I’m trying to find a doctor that will take me but I can’t find one so far in my area that has opening, I’m legitimately losing sleep over this. I’m 21F, I weigh roughly 126 pounds. I don’t have the healthiest diet but I try too, I have frequent vaginal east infections and I have tinea veriscolor on my skin. Any advice or answers is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

Article: 31F, 5ft 3in, 9st 7lbs, caucasian, in good health, UK
  
    I had chicken pox twice as a child and from what I have read I understand that probably means that I didn't fully develop immunity the first time for whatever reason. Not sure how old I was the first time, the second time I believe I was 9/ 10/ 11.
  
    My hairdresser has just contacted me ahead of an appointment at her house at the weekend to let me know that her children have chickenpox, and to ask if have had it before and am therefore immune.
  
    I assume that having had it twice as a child I fully developed immunity? Feel a bit silly asking but wanted to check to be on the safe side.

Article: 38 female - long time smoker About a month ago I was put on a low cholesterol diet so I have been eating extremely healthy.
  
    My cycle has always been clockwork, I usually start 1-3 days earlier each month. So I should have started 3-6 this month. I did start a new job also on the 3rd but that’s probably to soon to affect my period.
  
    My last sexual encounter was October 2-4. I’m pretty sure I had my period last month.

Article: Hey all - got some bloodwork done and have elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels. Creatine serum is 1.68 (normal range is up to 1.35) and nitrogen is 28 (normal range up to 23.5). I take creatine and eat a good amount of protein. I also work out a lot. I’ve seen the creatine serum can be caused by the creatine supplement, but not so sure about the nitrogen urea? Any ideas? I’m not a huge fan of my doctor.
  
    Demographic info:
  
    Male, 31, 5’11”, 185ish pounds. Supplements/meds: creatine, finasteride, protein, turmeric, cumin, ginger, setraline

Article: Male 5 10 220 pounds
  
    Lately I noticed I get pain while sneezing. It's like a muscle pain and I get it in my back, shoulders and arm. What could be wrong?

Article: 14m 220 5'7 I know it's not common in the us but I have some of the symptoms like small burps feeling like I need to throw up after eating and some acid reflux symptoms that ha been happening my whole life but the eating then the feeling like I need to throw up feeling just started why I'm worried is because of its untreated it turns into cancer right? Can anyone soothe my nerves and I can't get checked out I'm on a trip for like a month and sometimes when I eat breakfast I feel full

Article: 17,male,5'8
  
    My mom has been using it everyday for the past week, and I have to endure the smell whenever I'm in the car with her. If she uses it in the house, it spreads to my room, and I have to turn on the ac. The smell makes my chest/stomach feel weird and it just sucks in general. Could inhaling the smell be bad for me?

Article: Hi there,
  
    I’m a 26F 5’6 145lb healthy individual. I am very active and am not on any medications besides birth control. I recently got an on demand anemia test done as i do a lot of high intensity workouts and recently started distance running and wanted to check my levels. I need help interpreting my results. Nothing was flagged except for high iron (182) but a lot of my ranges were right on the wedge of being flagged high or low ( i.e. my hemacrotit is 34.9 and the flag for low is 34)
  
    I am wondering since my insurance covers it if would be beneficial to got straight to a hematologist instead of a primary care doctor. Would that be acceptable or do they usually only take appointments by referral?

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    I have been waking up in the middle of the night recently feeling like my throat is closing and then needing to vomit. However, when I go to vomit it mostly just ends up being bile, but it prevents me from sleeping. I have also been breaking out in hives for months - typically after eating. I went to the allergist and nothing came back on the skin prick test. I feel like there is often a lump in my throat. I have been taking a PPI for acid reflux after an endoscopy over the summer, but I am still getting hives and vomiting.
  
    Any general ideas as to what this could be? Thank you!!

Article: Male 27, was feeding feral cat yesterday, something spooked him, he swiped scratching my hand, one claw got stuck in my finger, I'd say 1cm deep.
  
    cleaned it with water and hand hand sanitizer and went my way, washed it when i got home few hours later and used alcohol.
  
    im not worried about scratched, but the puncture wound closed (like a needle, even though their claw is big idk how)
  
    went to the infection hospital here, they gave me rabies vaccine, but didn't want to give tetanus (she didn't even bother looking), she says it is unlikely to get this from cat, maybe deep rusty wound or something, which i think is bullshit.
  
    my friend was bitten few years ago by his younger brother and according to their protocol, he did get tetanus shot.
  

    I'm keeping an eye on it, but wanted to see if there's infection doctors who are familiar with this, feral cats walk on dirt all day, bury their feces, lick their paws, but somehow she says it is unlikely

Article: Im 23 male 5’ 10” non smoker mild drinker with asthma (albuterol as needed/ advair 250/50 twice daily)
  
    I was diagnosed with ADHD in high school, but stop taking the medication after graduation . I now work full-time and I am school for my job, but failing out of my classes and cannot make it a day without making mistakes at work. I wanted resume medication, but due to the nature of my job I move states every several months. Is it possible that I could be prescribed medication out of state? Changing doctor so often does not seem feasible, and I know my medication script cant be transferred as it is a narcotic. Note- if you need more description, feel free to ask in the comments

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!
  
    Edit: I took a pic of the palate of two friends and they both have them too... what is it?

Article: First off I’m a 35M 5’8 currently 200lbs, I take Prozac, Zyprexa, Buspar, adderall, Trazodone and prazosin. I’ve have 13 diagnosed mental illnesses from Psychologist and psychiatrists. And 5 physical illnesses, I’d rather not detail every single one out as I’m probably going to delete this for my safety later.
  
    I’ve done searches but the results don’t tell me much, I have Anorexia nervosa extreme food restriction type ( you may call it atypical till I reach my goal weight) and I’m always dehydrated, in my doctors visits my BP was 90 over 60 and the next month 90 over 42, my therapist says she’s shocked I wasn’t admitted to the emergency room.
  
    So how bad is my BP, please be very detailed

Article: Ok I'm 34 so not exactly young but been having ventricular pauses 7-9 seconds every few days around 5am when sleeping, no symptoms that I remember. Have loop recorder since last week.
  
    Picked up by chance cardiologists admitted me for two weeks and said MRI, CT scam ans ultrasound ecko came back good.
  
    One specialist said its likely heart block due to vagal tone which in his opinion isnt life threatening...
  
    They dont want to give me pacemaker as too young, but not sure what else I can do. Any thoughts?

Article: Suffered a broken wrist in May 2021 broke radius and ulna with a partial open fracture of my radius. Internal fixation on the radius bone. Now have been getting a new dull kind of ache halfway up my forearm on my ulna side of my arm. Was told to expect wrist pain and early onset artritis. Just thought it was strange the pain would be in my forearm.

Article: Hii, recently i discovered that some metal bumps of a keyboard that i used to write daily for around one year are made of lead. As i was in continuous contact with it i’m kind of freaking out now. But at the same time as the contact was only through my finger i’m not certain if it represents any real danger.
  
    Should i get a lead test or i’m just exaggerating?
  
    I’m a 24M with 56kg and around 1,80 of height

Article: About 2 months ago I had some pain in my mid back on the right hand side. I have problems with my back and this new pain wasn't anything like any of my normal back pains. I called my GP who asked me to leave off a urine sample, they dipped it and said I had a UTI and sent me off with some antibiotics. I should note that I didn't feel any other symptoms of having a UTI, but the pain was similar to when I've had one in the past.
  
    Nothing stopped the pain. I was then given a different antibiotic after they tested my urine again. Same thing happened, nothing felt better, so I was given a 3rd course of a different antibiotic and referred for an urgent scan of the area to see if they could get a better idea of what was going on.
  
    Currently I'm still awaiting the scan, and still in pain every day. I had my urine tested again last week and it was clear, and I've had blood tests which I'm waiting the results of. Every so often I also get an almost bloating feeling on right side on my back, which goes right through and I can basically feel it from the front too. It can't be my gallbladder as I've had that removed. Although the pain is in a similar region as when I was having issues with my gallbladder. I also feel sick a lot of the time too.
  
    I'm hoping someone can shed a bit of light on what might be happening. I'm a 36 year old female by the way in case that's important

Article: 27F I was told I have a uterine polyp 2 months ago and I was sent to the gynaecologist 2 weeks ago to take tissue samples. They called me today to schedule an appointment and the woman on the phone said “The doctor wants to see you in the next week or two, so anything after that wouldn’t work.” Should this concern me or is this standard?
  
    The polyp is also no longer there- it came out on its own about 3 weeks ago.

Article: Hello, male, 28. I was prescribed Terbinafine 250MG oral tablets for athletes foot. Had blood work done two weeks after taking the medicine everyday. My ALT was 95. My doctor strongly believes it's from the medicine. Terbinafine tablets known to temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
  
    P.S Everything else in my blood was perfect. No hepatitis of any kind.

Article: My son, 11 year old male, healthy, had a heart monitor taped to his chest for a month over a year ago. His skin did not react very well to the adhesive and, at the time, left it red and irritated underneath.
  
    Still, over a year later since it’s been removed, when he takes a hot shower the outline of the heart monitor comes back. After a bit it goes away. Why is this still happening?
  
    Pic here https://imgur.com/a/dzI97EA

Article: 28F, 4'11, 68kg, with approximately a year and a half history of sudden intense headaches, dizziness, double vision and visual disturbances, trouble swallowing and feeling like something is in my throat, and some difficulties with movement. I had some MRI scans taken and an issue in the right caudate was found and has been recommended for further investigation possibly with a contrast scan done, but I'm unsure whether other things I've seen on the scans are anything to be concerned about. I've been told by family if it was an issue they would've said, but I still can't shake the paranoia.
  
    There's an unusual (to me) patch of black that shows up on the SWAN scan that I'm confused by.Also on an SAG T2 - I'm not sure if I'm just imagining it and being paranoid, but my pituitary gland seems larger than I've seen on instructional scans that tell you about your MRI scan. Here is the album of images.

    I'm sure I'm imagining things, but I wanted to be sure if this is something I should question further or not.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: Hi been having some weird symptoms lately. I’m 23F and a bit overweight. It started as slight pressure behind the head (crown area) and dizziness. A week has passed and now I have bit of vision issues, sudden ear pain that passes and goes, clogged sinuses, and dull pain at the back of the head still and somewhere near the sinus area. I had a consultation with a general practitioner a few days ago and was only goven anti vertigo medicine and some antibiotics which didn’t help that much. I was also adviced to go to an ophthalmologist. Where should I go first, to an ENT or ophthalmologist and do you guys have any inkling on what this is?

Article: 21M, 170-ish lbs, do not smoke, drink socially and infrequently, diagnosed with major depressive disorder, have a long history of health anxiety of various extremes Throwaway because I'm very embarrassed. So, something around April this year my fiancee said that she'd like to try out some very light choking - just a hand on a throat, no squeezing or anything like that. She seemed to like this idea a lot, and I decided to partake as well. We've done it only a couple of times and no harm was done, up until I decided to ask her to squeeze my throat with a tad bit more force. I didn't black out or anything like that, but I remember coughing a bit - so I thought this was too risky, and we've never came back to breathplay. Now, I've researched dangers of that practice through and through and would never take part in that now, but for some reason I didn't hit me at all at that time. And so, for some reason, sometime around June I started feeling weird sensation of "heaviness" in my left eyelid - like, it is not droopy, but constantly feels weirdly heavy. It is especially prominent in the mornings, where I feel an overwhelming need to close my left eye when I just wake up, or during the times when I'm very tired. At that time I remembered about the fact that we've choked each other, and it's been bothering me a lot ever since. And by saying a lot, I mean every day, dusk till dawn, I think about that, wondering if there is any damage that could be done. This whole ordeal has turned me into a bumbling mess, even more anxious than I was before. Not helping is the fact that recently I started to mix up words when speaking, which too took a toll on my already poor well-being. Honestly, I feel very hollowed-out. My relationships with family has gone sour, because, as they say, "I've been talking about nothing but my mysterious illness for months". I don't know what to do.

Article: So obviously I want to know how worried I should be, but since my doc is not worried at all, I also want to know if I should pursue a second opinion.  I went to see my PCP last week due to abdominal pain.  He poked around, sent me for an abdominal xray and ordered blood work.  I was able to do the xray that very day but the blood work had to wait a few days (since it was the fasting kind and I had already had breakfast).  He looks at the xray, basically says "yep, you're full of shit" and told me take stool softeners\laxatives.  I did the blood work yesterday and it showed RBC of 4.5, HGB of 13.5, and HCT of 40.  These values were all automatically flagged by the EHR (Epic).  I start looking into anemia and it would totally explain the constipation.  I have also occasionally had lightheadedness, fatigue, and tachycardia, but this has been written off as "long covid" in the past.  Anemia could also cause those things.
  
    I previously had blood work done in Jan 2023 and these values were all normal then.  My PCP was not at all concerned about this.  Should I pursue a second opinion (and if so, from who?  Another PCP or a hematologist?).  Should I just drop it?

Article: 21M Height:6ft1in Weight:290 Pounds
  
    So for as long as I can remember I've had painful swollen nodules pop up on my body which I now assume are lymph nodes now that I'm old enough to give significant thought to it. The only issue is that it'll only be one here or there and in random places irrespective of illness or injury. For as long as I can remember for a few days or weeks random painful swelling will occur with what seems to be no reason. I've had a couple pop up on my stomach, neck, chest, and probably anywhere else you can think of. It happens so often that at any real given time I have a couple of these things swollen. I intend to mention this to a doctor but I never have before because it seemed normal in my.childhood and I've always kind of just seen it as something that happens to me. Any thoughts. Some strange issue or is this really just normal?

Article: Hello , I'm a normal 25 years old male, Yesterday after sleeping I seems to have develop sudden swelling on forehead only, what could be the cause? I can see dent when pinched for 10 seconds. Is this serious? PS. I don't drink,smoke or take any medications, I do take minioxidil topically but it's been 7-8 years already so I don't think that's a culprit.

Article: I went on a road trip to the mountains. 10 hour drive there, 10 hour drive back. When I was up there (I was there for 6 days), my big toe joint started hurting. On the last night, I couldn’t even sleep because it hurt so bad. Same with the first night back home.
  
    Since then, I’ve been taking OTC pain meds for it and rubbing a THC cream on it. I’ve been using an ice pack and elevating each day, as well. I work on and off of my feet five days a week, but I’m wearing a slipper and trying not to use that part of my foot.
  
    It’s been over a week now that I am still in pain. I’m wondering if I should try to slowly flex the toe, or if I should still try to keep it as still as possible. It hurts when I move it up or down. If anything even grazes my toe, it hurts really bad. I have a doctor’s appointment next week, so I’m just wondering in the meantime what my approach should be. Does keeping it still make it better or worse?
  
    33M (FTM), Borderline personality disorder, autoimmune disorders (hashimotos & Celiac), high cholesterol. 160lbs, 5’3”, on .30 of 200ml testosterone cypionate once weekly, daily: levothyroxine 150mg, Bupropion SR 150 mg, Fluvoxamine 125 mg, Atorvastatin 10mg.

Article: Male 27 220lb white about 5,4 . I can't remember the last time i woke up and my eyes weren't blood shot. Some days  or worse then others but on average I'd say they look like I just got done ripping a bong. This happens weather I sleep 8 + hour or 30 mins. On top of that I normal wake up feeling more tired then when I went to bed and it normal takes 30 mins to and 1 hour to feel fully awake but some times that brain fog that comes with fatigue doesn't go away until I've gone back to bed.My question is are these two thing possible related and what can I do about fix it

Article: i (17F) and my boyfriend (18M) have never had sex, but last week (friday, today is tuesday) i got a little bit of precum on my finger and touched my vulva. i did NOT put my finger inside and it was not actual semen. however, i’m so scared that this could still get me pregnant. my period doesn’t normally come until next week and the anxiety is driving me insane. what should i do?

Article: Hello. I am 20F, 158cm, 65kg (roughly), australian, currently on naproxen - night (1000mg), fluoxatine -morning (20mg), evelyn -night, nexium- morning (20mg). i dont smoke nicotine regularly. i have autism, adhd, depression, anxiety, gerd, and spondyloarthritis.
  
    i have been on olanzapine (2.5mg) for 3 years now to help with sleep, also weight (at the beginning) and anxiety attacks. i decided i want to go off it, since ive been feeling drowsy. ive had comments that i seem absent-minded, like i wasnt fully there, and i couldnt seem to get a restful sleep. 5 weeks ago, i went off it after taking half tablet for 2 weeks and had sucidial thoughts, depersonalisation/derealisation, couldnt sleep. we upped the dosage of my fluoxatine from 10mg to 20mg, went back on the olanzapine half tablet for 2 weeks, its been... 2 weeks without it now? slowly and slowly ive become more and more loopy. i havent been getting much sleep. im tossing and turning, getting hot and cold, thinking about stuff that excites my brain. i stopped counting until i fell asleep bc i went up to 600+ at some point before i fell asleep, and found that distressing. ive been taking melatonin (5-10mg) to no avail. ive been having naps during the day bc that seems like the only time im going to sleep. and when i wake up from a nap, i feel weak in the legs, dizzy. last night i just told myself no phone in bed, 10mg melatonin, early night, nothing. ill go to bed whenever, and consistently wake up at 6am-7am, entirely unrested. im worried ill have to go back on olanzapine.this is all exacerbated by the fact im in pain due to my spondyloarthritis. my rhematologist did say that just spondyloarthritis, pain or not, just existing in my system can cause fatigue. what is the meds, and what is me, yknow? what options do i have?
  
    i am seeing my gp tmrw. kind of just want someone to tell me that olanzapine isnt my only option, unless it is, so i can be prepared for it.

Article: Female, 34, 5'9", 180 lbs., past smoker, no medical issues or medication
  
    I put together an IKEA bed frame 10 days ago. Like much furniture from large retailers that require assembly, the bed frame came with one of those little Allen wrenches. I used this little Allen wrench and, understandably, my hand was very sore. I didn't think much of it until three days passed and I still have stabbing pains here and there. Whenever I play games, gripping the controller and moving my thumb around the pad will hurt. My hand also gets fatigued from holding my phone for longer than a couple minutes. Picking up a heavy pot while cooking or gripping any kind of utensil will also result in aches or stabbing pain. It's been 10 days now, and I'm starting to worry that this is not healing.
  
    Should I seek medical attention of some kind to ensure this doesn't get worse? Or perhaps used cold presses and try to rest my hand for a while?
  
    Thanks. This isn't super serious, but I'm scared that my dominant will hurt for the rest of my life.

Article: I just got my bloodwork back. It showed all the usual iron deficiency anemia flags that I was expecting. My osmolality came back on the low end, outside of the normal range. My CO2 also came back on the low end, outside of normal range.
  
    Is this something worthwhile of further investigation? And what does it usually indicate? I did a quick Google search and none of the simple reasons (over hydration for example) seemed to fit.
  
    HbA1c test came back normal as did my blood glucose levels. My TSH was also normal.
  
    37F, overweight, anemia, possible OAB, no medications or other health conditions

Article: I'm trying to donate a kidney and the last 24-hour test showed an abnormally high concentration of protein in my urine. I talked to the nurse and she suggested exercise might be a factor, since I'm not likely to have any actual kidney problems. (I have no symptoms, family history, or causal factors.)  I run, have started taekwondo, and bike, so if exercise really is a problem that tracks for my results. I've changed my schedule so I can be sedentary for a few days before the next 24-hour test.
  
    Are there any other possible causes I'm missing? My quick online search doesn't show a lot that's useful – there's dehydration (this wasn't an issue for me last time, much thanks to sodastream), cold (?? how much cold?? It's New England in November! I can't avoid cold!), aspirin, and stress (physical? mental? I can avoid physical stress but I can't do much about the mental.)
  
    Anyway, the test is a pain in the ass to coordinate so I do not want to repeat it.
  
    Edited for age and sex: 22F, European/Middle Eastern, weight ~150-160 lb, height 5'9", recreational drugs are weed and alcohol at a low dose about 2-3x/wk put together, current medications I'd prefer not to specify but just think obvious antidepressants and antianxiety drugs.

Article: I will try to give as much info as i can, here we go.
  
    Male 22//non smoker//normal bmi//sometimes active//asthmatic
  
    Have had asthma since i was 4/5, it kinda went away from 15-20 and then returned (thanks). My asthma was first triggered by Exercise but now by the changing of the weather (warm to cold, cold to warm) so autumn and spring are basically hell.
  
    In February of this year my asthma presented itself als a cough for 3/4 weeks + shortness of breath. I kinda ignored it untill i went to the doctor because it was getting annoying. He did an xray which was clean thank god. The symptoms went away after 2 weeks and it was all good till August.
  
    Here is were the current problems start, in august i got ill after holiday, it went away, then returned again. When it returned it had the shortness of breath again. I went to my GP who referred me to my pulmonologist, but because he was ill i could only see him last week. We discussed what was wrong and he said he wanted me to do a CT scan, this made me afraid because well we all know what the CT scans are used for. I didnt know they used it to diagnose asthma again. He did say however my symptoms sounded very weird and ill list them below now:
  


    shortness of breath, now i can still walk 10/15kms or sing at top of my lungs and talk full sentaces. But its like i am more "aware" of my breathing, its a bit harder to take breaths if that explains it. Google doesnt say this is shortness of breath but i have no idea how to explain it.
  


    on and off cold, this is really annoying. One week its there, next week my nose is stuffed again. Its like i do blow every weekend (i swear i dont hahah) and my nose keeps getting blocked.
  


    more tired, this one might be my ever changing sleep schedule as a teen in uni but you never know. I dont need to sleep extra normally, but i can sleep 8/9 hours and still feel a bit sleepy.
  


    So here are the things in terms of tests. (All came back clear/clean) ECG (last week), listened to lungs (3 docs), xray in March, lung function test in March, CBC 2 months ago, lung capacity test last week (99%).
  
    I have no idea anymore what this could be, the ct scan makes me a bit anxious because i googled the symptoms (stupid yes). The symptoms are intermittet tho which makes it all the more confusing.
  
    Anyone here have an idea?

Article: So recently the house doors got repainted in enamel alkyd based paint (high voc, country not protected by epa), and its a condominium, so the paint fumes are very concentrated. I (18M 172cm 72kg) moved in 4 days after it got painted, with the room being aired out at night only (8hrs a day) through two windows for the 4 days before i moved in. When i moved in, i could still smell paint fumes clearly, and its still a little bit strong, like i would feel like its pretty strong (like 1 day old varnish, not as strong as a bucket of varnish, but as strong as if u stood a few feet away from a freshly varnished door) for the first few minutes i enter the room, but my nose would adjust 10 minutes later. due to the weather, i have slept in the room for 4 days with windows closed to preserve the air conditioning and spent the day with windows open to get rid of the smell. how harmful was it, and would i obtain brain damage from it

Article: As a result of breaking my foot 3 weeks ago, I occurred a blood clot in my calf. I was prescribed blood thinners (Rivaroxaban) for 3 months and sent home. Not ideal but completely manageable.
  
    I’m since developed chest pain and unusual heart patterns. My resting heart rate is usually mid-50s and stable but it keeping bouncing around between 40-120bph. It can increase rapidly when I’m ‘active’ such as walking to the bathroom, but can also occur when I’m resting and not moving.
  
    I returned to the hospital, they completely ECG, X-ray and CT scan. No PE or anomalies found. I was sent home and advised it should pass, it hasn’t but neither has it worsened.
  
    A GP suggested I return to the hospital for repeated tests and if nothing urgent found, they will refer me to a cardiologist. However, it must be related to the blood clot in some capacity? Could it be as simple as a reaction to the medication?
  
    Any advice would be appreciated.
  
    Note - heart rate not related to anxiety. Often not even thinking of my health when rate is increasing/decreasing rapidly.
  
    Healthy active 38F (Crossfitter, runner, etc).

Article: Hi I'm 19M from Malaysia. I was diagnosed with LPR 7 months ago by an ENT because I had a persistent sore throat that never went away. He gave me some Gaviscon Advanced and it got better.
  
    Throughout the 7 months, I have been having occasional bouts of these throat clearing and pain in the throat episodes (maybe around 5 times). Sometimes it would just go away on its own, but when it doesn't, I'd take Gaviscon Advanced and it would disappear.
  
    However, 4 days ago, I started experiencing this horrible episode of sore throat, the worst since the start of my symptoms. At first I thought it was a cold, but now it's clearly not because I haven't developed anything other symptoms other than this sore throat. In fact, I woke up yesterday morning feeling absolutely zero pain in the throat, only for it to return in the evening. Today I think I've also been feeling some heartburn? It's a symptom I never had before and now I have it. Is it worsening rapidly or something?
  
    I don't feel like talking Gaviscon anymore because it's only a temporary fix and not a permanent cure. What specialist do I see now? What can I do to cure this LPR? Is there even a cure? And I read that it can cause complications if it's not treated. I'm only 19 and I am not ready for that 😭

Article: Like the title says I recently had to have an IV put in my forearm and after about 2 days my arm was very sore, not painful really just really sore. I asked my doctor what was happening and he took the IV out. It has been a few days now and my arm is still swollen. Is this something that will go away on its own? Or should I be worried

Article: 36m, 5’8”, 230lbs, fairly active.
  
    My left ankle/foot has hurt pretty much for the past 10+ years solid.  It swings from bad to worse, but it NEVER pain free.  My podiatrist tells me it’s ganglion cysts, but that they’re not worth going after.  I’ve been through cycles of oral steroids more times than I can count and steroid shots in my foot a couple times.  It never really helps that long.
  
    Went to a local urgent care 4 days ago and got the same steroid pack I always get, but they insisted on getting X-rays.
  
    The X-ray is in a comment.  Thoughts?  Talus doesn’t look quite right to me.

Article: Female, 36, 163 cm, 62 kg, smokes
  
    I started castor oil for my face on saturday,  double cleaned my face in the evening and put some on my face and neck before sleep. The first day my skin was incredibly soft, so i thought it was doing its work. Since yesterday evening (i didnt put any oil on yet, so after 2 days of using it) bumps started to come behind my ear and within hours my whole neck and behind both ears is covered in rashy looking bumps. They don't itch and they are dry. I noticed its starting to get onto my face now..
  
    Am i allergic? Is there anyone who recognizes this? I have never had an allergy so i have no idea
  
    The only other thing it could be is a dress i got from someone on vinted wich i tried on yesterday......i am super scared of bedbugs and such so the dress is already out the door..didn't want to take any risks.
  
    I'm aware only a docter can give me a real answer but maybe someone recognizes this and calm my mind before i call a doctor. Thanks in advance!

Article: My son is 7 about 56 lbs he is on lisdexamfetam 20 MG and gaunfacine 2mg extended release. He isn’t feeling well at all and was going to give him cold medicine but when I looked it up it said no ? I am waiting for a call from the doctor ..

Article: 42F/1.67/70kg/Caucasian/no smoking/no drinking/ no medications/no drugs
  
    I am getting a COVID booster on Tuesday and the Flu vax. on Wednesday. The following week I am scheduled to get a routine blood test. Will the vaccinations affect my blood values? Logically, you'd think it would affect WBC and whatnot.
  
    (Sorry for the silly question but I couldn't find anything anywhere that specifically answered if getting a blood test a week after vaccinations affects the values at all).

Article: Hi all,
  
    I'm a 29M, 69kg, 184cm, used to use Relvar Ellipta stopped 4 days ago, past smoker (stopped 6 years ago) and occasional drinker.
  
    In another post I've asked on what could it be the reason for me having this weird palpitations and someone told me that Relvar is known to possibly cause this.
  
    Since I don't suffer from really bad asthma I stopped using it and I've scheduled an appointment with my doctor. Problem is that only in 3 months I can have a follow up from him.
  
    So I've decided to have an ECG (where I live we can do it without doctor refferal). I did this ECG just to easy my anxiety regarding the palpitations.
  
    Did it just now and the report came back saying:
  
    "Normal ECG for the patient for his age group with sinus arrythmia"
  
    Every other ECG that I have done in my life never mentioned this arrythmia. Usually the report would only say : "Early repolarization".
  
    I was expecting that and came something different. Could it be that Relvar changed the way my heart works? Im a bit scared about this arrythmia, how did it "overlap" my early repolarization?
  
    Is it a misdiagnosis?
  
    I really don't know and I wish you could help me out understanding this.
  
    Here are the links for the ECG's I just did.
  
https://ibb.co/DMfcb0d https://ibb.co/Pcz59wP

    Thanks for the attention.

Article: My wife (33F) had a urine culture at 10 weeks and it discovered she was positive for GBS but only at 25,000 and her OB will only treat with antibiotics if it’s above 100,000 but will treat via IV during labor. Is it okay to not have the antibiotics now?

Article: I am 37F, weight is 163, I did have a previous concussion 8 years ago. I take Prozasin and Ambien for nightmares associated with PTSD, Gabapentin, Levothyroxin, Lipitor, Nuvaring. Had an Ozempic shot a week ago.
  
    I fell and hit my head while out for a walk (long story) and blacked out for an indefinite time, now I’m having issues.
  
    I’m just wondering if I should finally give in and see a doctor.
  
    I had a mild concussion 8 years ago and developed water on the brain that had to be drained by a spinal tap, because the excess water was causing me to go blind.
  
    Now, I fell and hit my head on the road on Wednesday. I haven’t been to the doctor. I blacked out, I don’t know for how long for sure because I was alone, but I think it was just for a few seconds. I had problems with grip strength on one side of my body the next day, I couldn’t hold onto things very well. I’d drop even candy wrappers. But that got better the next day. I had a bad headache for days, but that’s also improved.
  
    What hasn’t improved much is how irritable I am. I get dots in my vision. I am having mild trouble with memory and occasional spots of vision loss, but the vision comes back after a bit. My hands and face will periodically go numb, but that’s a type of migraine I sometimes get (but that’s been happening a lot more often since I hit my head). I have occasional slurred speech, and mild confusion when I’m on my feet for too long and mild loss of balance and mild dizziness.
  
    The weirdest thing that happened to me—and legit freaked me out and is why I’m making this post—was my tongue and lips went numb after I got home from work today. And the next feeling I had, my mouth felt like I had eaten something spicy, like a ton of cinnamon. It—no joke—tasted exactly like I’d eaten a ton of very spicy cinnamon. I have never experienced anything like this before. I had not eaten anything when it started. My mouth was so numb, and yet felt so much like it was on fire, that I bit my tongue at some point and had no idea until the spicy feeling faded hours later and my normal feeling came back.
  
    It was bizarre, and I actually teared up because it freaked me out.
  
    Should I be worried? Is it time to go to the doctor? Can anything be done to help, or do I just need to sleep it off?

Article: Age: 38
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 183cm
  
    Weight: 95kg
  
    Race: Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint: 24 hours
  
    Location: Australia. Lump is on upper right pectoral,maybe 2 inches below my collarbone.
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: None
  
    Current medications: None
  
    Noticed this mark appear on my chest seemingly inside of 24 hours - at first I thought it might have been a burn from splattering oil or something, because it looked red and shiny like a blister. It's painless, feels slightly raised (one of the images tried to capture the elevation) and is around 1-2mm in size. A cursory dr google tells me the cloest thing to it is BCC.
  
    I can't remember the last time I got sunburnt on my chest. I also get random blemishes on my chest quite a bit, just this one is larger than ones I can remember.
  
    I've booked to see my GP on Thursday about it.
  
    Thanks in advance.
  
    Images https://imgur.com/a/GKyM5UP https://imgur.com/OKIG93q

Article: 23F 52KG I have a lump on the side of my neck that is a pea, is hard and non painful. It is 9mm x 11mm I have a second one under my jaw that is squishy but has been there for years.
  
    I have had ultrasounds that have come back fine and even bloodwork.
  
    However,  the bloodwork came back saying I had high CRP. The doctor did not investigate further.
  
    However, I can’t shake the feeling that this isn’t right. They have been there for so long and my ENT and GP will not investigate any further. My gut is telling me that something isn’t right.
  
    Am I just anxiety ridden or is a biopsy something I should push for?

Article: 21 year old male. My recent blood test showed I have elevated estradiol. 45 pg/ml with a reference range < or = 39 pg/ml. Testosterone free/total, LH, and FSH are all normal. I’ve been experiencing symptoms such as low libido, fatigue, and insomnia for a year now. I’m lean, live a healthy life style, and have tried supplementing with dim, zinc, and vitamin D with no success. Side effects have been persistent. My GP didn’t want to prescribe me anything. How is this typically resolved? Is an aromatase inhibitor too much? I’m not on steroids or any exogenous hormones.

Article: Hi everyone, I've been experiencing several recurring symptoms multiple times per month or week for many years and I'm not sure what's going on. My symptoms include poor sleep, fatigue, headaches, pain when moving my eyes, and nasal blockage. Has anyone experienced something similar or have any idea what might be causing this? Any advice would be appreciated. Went to multiple docs but didnt get to the bottom of it.
  
    25 yo male, not smoking, living pretty much a healthy lifestyle. Symptoms been up since Im about 15-16.

Article: Since school started my 7 year old son and 4 year old daughter has been sick. It’s expected I suppose, to a point. My daughter has been sick then healthy for about a week then straight back into sick again.
  
    My son on the other hand has been sick nonstop since the start of school and the last month it’s been insanely bad. He’s waking up multiple times a night with a terrible non stop cough. The worst part though is his deep congestion and explosive sneezing. He is waking up around 5am every morning with explosive sneezing for about 15 minutes. It’s explosive sneeze after explosive sneeze.
  
    We have had him diagnosed two years ago with an allergy to dust mites so we have removed all stuff animals from his room. He has no thick carpets or anything that can attract mites other than his bedding which he needs. We clean religiously vacuuming multiple times a week and dusting once a week minimum.
  
    No idea what to do here. I feel terrible for the kid because he’s uncomfortable and not sleeping properly.
  
    Any thoughts or suggestions?

Article: 33F, 5'1", 110lbs Epilepsy, Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, history of anorexia. Non smoker. Lamotrigine, Topiramate, Lexapro, Mirapex, Ambien I'd say this happens like once every two weeks for the last year or so. I'll suddenly become overwhelmed with nausea, and I'll barf my guts out. Then I'm done. All good. Carry on as normal. It's like my stomach wanted to be empty. Doesn't seem tied to any particular food, and this isn't purging. What is Body doing?

Article: I (28 male) got a tympanostomy tube about six months ago. It affected my hearing at the time (hearing test confirmed this) but I've gotten used to it. It's now affecting my hearing again as sometimes things sound flat, and this picture from an at home otoscope (in comments) shows some type of growth around it. It looks like it's trying to fall out, but there's stuff around the tube. Is this normal? Is it normal for hearing to change at this stage?
  
    200lbs, 5’8”, got the ear tube due to repeated ear infections previously

Article: Hi all,
  
    27M, Australian. 75kg. 5ft9 Medication - Propranolol 10mg BD
  
    Here is the current complaint. Due to being inactive due to POTS in 2021, I went from 63kg to 89kg over about 12 months. All fat gain. I have since dropped (intentionally through diet and exercise) to 75kg (a healthy weight). However, one day around 74kg, I felt suddenly faint, hot & flushed, light-headed and anxious, and I thought I needed food. 5 mins after having a sandwich, I felt normal... only for the feeling of low blood sugar to return 3 hours later. Interestingly, my hands get hot & red, and the veins are dialated after eating as well, and then go awY after 2-3 hours, when i feel the symptoms again.This has been going on ever since (18months) and I'm at my wits end. Every 3 hours I have these symptoms. However, my sugar at the time is perfectly normal (4.5-5mmol). My fasting sugar is 4.7mmol (normal). It also doesn't seem sugar related, as when I have these feelings, if I eat a steak (1g carbs), it goes away. The most troubling is the light-headedness. I have never fainted, and the overall symptoms have improved slightly with weight loss... but wtf is going on? All my tests are normal... did i mess myself up gaining weight so quick? Is it a stomach transit time issue? Am I sensitive to adrenaline when my stomach empties? This also happens if I fast from waking e.g 2hours after waking, so is not only post prandial.
  
    Large volumes of fluid don't fix it, only solid food. I have tried low carb (under 100g daily). Helped a tiny bit but nothing notable. I am really sick of eating every 2-3 hours. It is severely impacting my quality of life. Someone mentioned idiopathic post prandial syndrome... but there seems to be little evidence as to why this occurs.
  
    Please any suggestions welcome

Article: Hello, I (27F) was found with cavitary nodule in my upper right lobe during a routine CT scan. I did a sputum test which came back negative. The pulmonologist has requested a repeat CT scan, and told me that if he cannot make a diagnosis, he's thinking about bronchoscopy. Now, what I want to know is why he requested a repeat CT and not just go directly for bronchoscopy? Is it possible to differentiate tb with cancer using CT scan?

Article: My(23f) daughter (6months) was prescribed miconazole cream as she had a red circle bordered rash on her cheek, the doctor said it looked like a fungal infection. I’ve been putting the cream on twice a day for just over a week and the rash has spread, there is two smaller circles on the same cheek and there are more blotches starting to appear on the other cheek now, it doesn’t weep and she doesn’t try to itch it and she is fine in herself. I’m now starting to worry that it is psoriasis as her father had psoriasis (only just cleared up this year).
  
    Do fungal infections typically spread? What can I also do to prevent it from spreading? I always make sure to keep her face dry since she dribbles a lot, I’ve also always made sure to wash her towels after using and she doesn’t go anywhere near the cats (cats don’t go on her things either if they have it’s been washed)

Article: 22F Since about March of this year ive been having intense painful headaches in the center of my forehead and around the top or bridge of my nose with pressure behind my eyes. My nose struggles to lubricate itself and is often dry inside. I rarely have any boogers and when i do they are rubbery or dry and greenish. When i cry, my nose does not properly drain within a few minutes it stays stuffy for hours. My earliest in-person doctor appointment is not until next year. An online doctor through my provider gave me amoxicillin-clavulanate/augmentin for a week and then I tried Flonase nasal spray for a couple weeks after. Neither have worked in fixing this and i am confident its not allergies at this point. I currently dont take any medicine and fresh air helps clear my nose a bit but being indoors at work or home makes it stuffier and harder to breath. Ive never had this issue before or anything similar.

Article: 33M, 58kg, 187cm, smoker (nicotine and thc)
  
    I've been on Lithium (600mg) and Lamotrigine (100mg) for about 2 months now. I just received the results of my blood test, but my next appointment with my psychiatrist is next month, he's on holidays. Results are all fine (in normal range) except my TSH (thyroid) ; I was at 3.07 µUI/mL last month, and now it is at 6.85 µUI/mL.
  
    It is above the normal range ; is it an urgent matter? I mean, should I lower lithium dosage? I went from 400mg to 600mg last week.
  
    2nd question, I have many dentist appointements (heavy work) before I meet my psychiatrist again. Is 6.85 µUI/mL TSH a problem for dentistry?

Article: for the past week and a half i've been having this ache which transpires around the bottom area of my ribs.
  
    it doesn't hurt when i breath nor has it been caused by a fall (i hardly go out) but it does cause discomfort when i raise my arm above my head and stretch. feels like something's been pulled wrong but i can't see how since i've done no recent extra curricular activity.
  
    can it have maybe be done in my sleep? why does it only hurt on one side?
  
    edit: forgot to mention but it hurts when i touch that area too roughly too.

Article: I lived in a city with rowhomes and a neighbor on my side and another across the street both died of the same type of aggressive brain tumors about 5 to 10 years after moving off the street. Is this just a coincidence? My family thinks so. I think its odd though.
  
    I've since moved as well as my family. Someone suggested it could be all the TV antennas and transformers on the street. But some electric experts assured me the EMF cancer theory is unlikely (and I hope so because I currently have a mounted transformer right next to my apartment 😕).
  
    So docs do you think its just coincidental?

Article: 34yo Male 6’5” 350lbs Dx Hypertension (Controlled) Rx Losartan HCTZ 100/25
  
    So I was sick with an URI about 5-6 weeks ago that progressed to my chest. I was prescribed the Prednisone 5 day pack and eventually got better.
  
    Fast forward to today and have been sick with another URI (thanks to my kids and school lol ) that has again turned ugly over the course of 7 days. My mucus/sputum was initially clear but is now darkening to shades of greens/yellows etc. I didn’t feel like going anywhere so I made a telehealth appointment and talked with a doctor who prescribed a Z pack and a round of prednisone. During the call I forgot to mention that I had Prednisone 5-6 weeks ago. Is it safe to take it again? Or should I pass on taking it?
  
    Edit - the original course 6 weeks ago was the taper dose x5 days and what was prescribed for me today is 2 tablets per day x 5 days.

Article: 29F
  
    2 days ago I fell down the stairs. I landed on my butt and bounced down the rest of the way. It hurt pretty badly. 2 days later and I can hardly walk. Sitting, bending, getting up HURTS so badly. I see some bruises on my thighs, some on my butt. My butt is swollen. The pain is intense. My husband and google say nothing can be done about a broken tailbone, so it’s pointless to go. Should I just continue to treat at home with limited activity and medication?

Article: 29/M, 5’10, 214LBs.
  
    Meds- Busiprone-10mg x3 Daily, anxiety Topiramate- Migraines 25mg x1 daily. Omeprazole- 40mg x1 daily. Heartburn/GERD
  
    Let me preface by saying I have been diagnosed as prediabetic. Recently have been having to use the restroom at night at least once. However the past few nights it’s been multiple times waking me up with a full bladder. I’m also waking up in a full sweat as well. And not just a sweat I mean, hair soaking, body outlined sweat. I’ve been losing weight but I’m kind of concerned that the possibility of diabetes has progressed from pre into a full form potentially. I can’t even make it through a night now without being up 2-3 times having to pee at this point. And it’s a full bladder feeling each time.
  
    I’m also dealing with bouts of hunger, real nasty hunger where I just need to eat everything. I have a discolored tongue recently, yellowish. Leg and foot keeps going numb in my sleep as well recently. Should I head to get some tests done at this point? Thanks.

Article: I had outside food recently, and now I'm unwell with a fever, nausea, and overall weakness. Strangely, I've noticed a pattern of getting sick after eating out in the past few years.
  
    Help me guys. 😢😷
  
    Age: 24 Height: 5’11 Previous medications: N/A Daily physical activity: Little to none.

Article: Hi!
  
    22M, 173cm, 90~kg (Starting diet as recommended by GP), non-smoker, no alcohol or other drugs (Minus coffee).
  
    I’ve been lately having this left chest discomfort and mucus. It started about a week ago, when I was doing some cardio (Playing Laser Tag with my friends) and I had to slow down because I started to get a pressure feeling on all my chest and started to cough up a lot (No other symptoms), as soon as I started slowing, in the course of 15-20 minutes every symptom stopped. The room we did the activity in was humid and had some fumes/vapour (Not sure which, but they’re safe) to make the lasers work, just pointing it out in case it may be related. I’m a bit sedentary but on my yearly, work-provided health screening all came back fine (EKG was fine, blood and urine too) minus a bit of cholesterol which I’m trying to put a remedy on (220~ when the max, safe level is 200, at least according to the resume PDF they handed me after the checkup).
  
    Now I’ve been having this, dull, sometimes a bit burning-like pain on my left chest. Sometimes also migrates to my right chest but it’s not common. I’d say it’s on a 2-3 ache scale out of 10 (More like an annoyance, rather than acute pain, but really annoying).
  
    It hasn’t got worse but also hasn’t got better, that’s why I haven’t made an appointment with my GP yet (Also considering I’ve had a positive checkup less than 2 weeks ago…) and I’m asking here.
  
    I’ll take a painkiller later to discard MSK, but I think it may be something else because of the mucus.
  
    I have no other symptoms, no fever, no breath shortness…
  
    I’m a bit lost, any ideas? Worth getting evaluates by my GP?
  
    Thanks everyone!

Article: So i get this pain when I’m on my knees and I fully bend them and sit on them. The pain is sharp and its worse if my toes are bent forward as well. The pain subsides after a few repetitions but when I stand back up again, i need a couple of seconds to ease my weight back on the knee.
  
    This problem is only in my right knee. I’ve also noticed that if I do the aforementioned movement once, then i get a pain of similar type, but less magnitude if I’ve kept my knee slightly bent for a while. This pain too subsides soon enough once I stand up.

Article: 20 Male, 11 Stone, 5'6
  
    Hi, on the weekend I pulled my muscle on my right shoulder, it has happened before but this time all I did was shut a door gently and my it started to hurt so much. The pain in my shoulder has nearly gone I just get burning sensation now, but I feel a lot of pressure on my chest and feels a bit difficult to breath. It feels sore when breathing, I only got pain in my right side of my chest when I pulled my muscle and pain in my ribs but no other pain anywhere else on my chest. I am finding that i am getting out of breath easier as well.
  
    I do have asthma but when I pulled my shoulder muscle this bad before I've never encountered this problem.
  
    Thank you.

Article: 20F, diagnosed autistic and OCD
  
    i literally cannot go outside during the day because the daylight is making me exhausted, gives me a headache and i constantly squint, even with sunglasses on. i only go outside when it’s dark because of this. what is causing this? this has been happening since i hit puberty

Article: Hi, I am an 18 year old female and I have been experiencing red splotchy-ness on my legs and occasionally other parts of my body, like chest or arms after I shower, I weigh around 65kg and am 5'8 I'm not on any medication although I do have a condition called POTS although I'm not sure if it's a result of blood pooling as I have had this longer than POTS (I'm trying to attach a photo but I can't figure it out so I will come back with one)

Article: 36M here. Result of my ct tap scan as below. My doc told me nothing to worry about. So seeking a 2nd opinion here. Is there anything i need to worry about? TIA
  


    No abnormal pulmonary mass, consolidation or suspicious pulmonary nodule is seen.
  


    No mediastinal or adrenopathy or pleural effusion is seen.
  


    No abnormal intra-abdominal or pelvic mass is seen. No abdominal or retroperitoneal adenopathy is noted.
  


    Subtle subpleural scarring Is seen at bilateral lung apices.
  


    A few small subpleural blebs are seen in the medial aspect of the left upper lobe. A few punctate lung cysts are seen in the basal portion of the right upper lobe.
  


    A punctate hypodensity in the lower pole of the right kidney probably represents a tiny cyst. No hydronephrosis is noted.

Article: Age - 49
  
    Sex - Female
  
    Height - 5' 2"
  
    Weight - 140 lbs.
  
    Race - Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint - 2 1/2 months
  
    Location - Tampa Florida
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues rheumatoid arthritis, COPD, systolic CHF, anxiety and depression, +bipolar disorder
  
    Current medications Ipratopium Bromide/Albuterol solution for nebulizer, trazadone, lamotrygine
  
    Include a photo if relevant for some reason it won't allow me to provide photos -
  
    Can someone please he help me by telling me what in the world i have? I thought i had head lice that was resistant to everything. I've used NIX, RID (both super strength for superlice), tea tree oil, teatree shampoo, coconut oil, Vaseline, Neem oil, Vamousse, several different store brand lice killers, apple cider vinegar and regular vinegar, even Listerine, prescription permathrin cream × 3 prescriptions and left on for 8-12 hours all 3 times and Ivermectin cream and pills (prescription of 2 pills). I even shaved my head thinking because is was so long and thick some eggs may have been missed. Unfortunately that did not solve the problem. In fact NOTHING has gotten rid of whatever it is and it's only getting worse My PCP said she thinks it's scabies and prescribed the permathrin cream and 2 ivermectin pills plus a referral to a dermatologist. Unfortunately my insurance doesn't cover and i cant afford to pay out of pocket full price. Ive already got over $600 out in this nightmare. Not to mention sleep lost and alot of energy wasted on disinfecting, washing everything that is washable DAILY including pillows and sheets & comforter and spraying my house and porch my bed, furniture, and perimeter around the house with mite & bedbug spray. I don't understand why when i run a lice comb over my hair stubble i get no bugs but if I move the comb around my scalp starts turning black in a spot that was white before moving the comb around and gently pushing from back to front. And then it slowly spreads back out appearing to look like normal scalp color. I'm hoping that makes sense to you. Also get black patches on my my face, chest and abdomen, back, neck, arms, legs, hands and feet that come and goes. I researched Demodex and scabies but as you see by this post i did the medicine treatment for both. I feel like all of the treatments i did would calm it down for a day or two only to have it come back stronger than before treatment. I'm not terribly itchy tho so i dont think its either scabies or demodex mites BTW this problem started beginning of September. Im hoping to be able to upload some of the photos I've taken for you to take a look at. Thank you in advance! Any information is greatly appreciated. Im out of options and don't know what else to do. One more thing to add. If it was headlice or scabie mites wouldn't my boyfriend or cat have contracted whatever this is if it were headlice or scabies/ mange mites after being exposed for over two months?

Article: I have an elderly family member (70+)  with a bad liver, diabetes, and several other health issues. Her liver is so bad that they have her on meds to keep her ammonia levels under control.
  
    Last week she somehow developed an abscess on her spine that caused sepsis. She was admitted to the ER after becoming delirious.
  
    We were told that the sepsis had caused her kidneys to shut down and that she would need a central line with strong antibiotics and dialysis to survive, but she was too weak to survive either, let alone both. She fell unconscious and could not be revived. The decision was made to move her to hospice and stop all medications (except pain meds to keep her comfortable) as well as all IV fluids.
  
    That was 5 days ago, but she is still clinging to life. My question is how?
  
    How is this 70+ year old woman with diabetes, liver failure, kidney failure and sepsis still breathing on her own with no assistance without any food or water, let alone the laundry-list of the meds that were keeping her alive before? How was she too weak for the life-saving measures she needed, but strong enough to still be fighting for her life a week later under conditions that could kill a healty person after a few days?

Article: I am 19f, 5ft tall, 100 lbs, white, nonsmoker, and on no medications though I sometimes take vitamin c and d.  I got the HPV vaccine the last week of September. I was on the second day of my period when I got the vaccine. That was my second dose, and I remember when I got the first dose my period was slightly late, but not this bad. I've now gone I think 42 days without a period according to the app I have that tracks it and it's freaking me out. I've also been under a ton of stress recently, which I know can contribute, but I'm really nervous.I do have a boyfriend, but we are waiting until marriage for any type of penetrative sex and when we do mess around, it's with extreme caution and we're not doing anything that could lead to pregnancy anyway.I've been having all my typical PMS symptoms (breakouts, bloating, mild cramps) from around the time when I should have started to now, but no actual bleeding. What should I do? Should I be concerned? Is there any correlation between the HPV vaccine and the menstrual cycle?TL:DR: I got my period on the 2nd day of my menstrual cycle and now I've gone over 40 days without one. Should I be worried and what should I do?

Article: 30F, smoker, don't take any medication Hello to the doctors of Reddit, first of all, thank you to everyone for the responses and the time you take to answer questions. A few months ago, during a routine check-up, an elevation in liver enzymes was detected, and I was referred to a specialist for monitoring. The enzymes remained elevated for three months, during which I was tested for chronic and acute viral diseases (hepatitis A, C, etc.), all of which turned out negative. Afterward, the specialist requested a test for smooth muscle antibodies, which came back positive. Before the last follow-up, liver parameters returned to normal, except for elevated bilirubin. The specialist mentioned that the positive antibodies are nothing to worry about, but did not explain further. I would appreciate it if someone could explain whether smooth muscle antibodies can be positive without a specific reason and how. Thanks again to everyone for taking the time to respond.

Article: 34m, 5'9'' 240lbs, White. I've recently started a new job in a steel foundry using heavy duty power tools to grind and trim big steel pieces. It's been about a month and although I stretch and take OTC pains meds, my hands are constantly hurting. I get trigger finger early mornings and late evenings and in between a general pain and occasional numbness.
  
    Is there good options for treating this? Would exercising the fingers help or do they just need rest? I tried sleeping in brace but had no improvement the next day.
  
    Thank you

Article: I'm 21F and recently I've developed these intensely itchy bumps that cover my upper arm. i wouldnt describe them to be like hives, they're more of acne-like in texture. the itch feeling is similar to those felt when u continuously scratch a mosquito bite. more context is that i have very dry skin and ichthyosis vulgaris. the only things ive changed in my life so far is my body soap and body lotion. i dont have these bumps anywhere else except my upper arm and i dont have a record of skin allergies to any lotion or soap. i also changed my sheets and checked for bugs (i found none). so far, all i've been doing is washing it with mild soap and applying aloe vera gel when it becomes too uncomfy and trying to cool it off. i am willing to answer more questions if needed. help is greatly appreciated 🥹

Article: Hi, I'm (23F) having a hard time because I always need to massage my father's back, legs and feet because he feels the numbness, tingling and sudden pain in his body. Even though he's taking his maintenance med and pain reliever meds.
  
    Now that I will need to work far away from my dad because I just got employed. I wanted to ask for assistance or any home remedies, or anything that I can do or something to buy to help lessen the pain he's feeling everyday.
  
    Can you pleass help me? Thankss

Article: 15 year old (male) yesterday night I woke up with pain behind left eye and lasted for around 12 hours I was off and on sleeping, my eyes have always been fuzzy (static vision) and blurry when I’m looking at things from a far. what should I do ? Does this sound like I need glasses ?

Article: Hi all, I am an American(29F, 60kg, 161cm, good health no meds) who had the chickenpox vaccine as a child 25ish years ago. I live in the UK now where the vaccine is not routinely given to children and have a child (3F) that will be starting school soon. I am wondering if I will still have immunity from the vaccine when she inevitably catches it? Thanks

Article: 21M, never had other issues before and don't take any medications
  
    Hi there sorry for my bad English. This is not my first language but I hope you can understand what I a trying to explain. In the last 9 Weeks I am constantly facing symptoms that feel like having a cold (sometimes I do have fever and a runny nose... I also have night sweats and don't have a lot of energy and need to sleep a lot). The symptoms are worse on some days and better on there days but I never feel cured 100%. I was at my local doctor's office 4 times now and they don't know what it could be (they ruled out EBV but don't know what else it could be). I live in Germany btw. Maybe someone has a clue on what it could be or how I could proceed. Thank you so much in advance

Article: 20F, South Asian, with a family history of bad bones, arthritis, and muscular dystrophy. No drugs or alcohol. I take Effexor and Ritalin for depression and ADHD. I'm anemic but don't take anything for it.
  
    I have a desk job and an extremely inactive routine. I experience shoulder pain, stiffness, and back pain from time to time but nothing too serious. I experience cervical spine pain as well every now and then.
  
    Over the past few weeks, I have had a more hectic routine than usual. Lots of walking, standing in queues, and long-distance travel. Every time I stand for longer than 5 minutes, sit in the same position for more than 10 minutes, or walk for more than a half a kilometer, my legs hurt and my knees feel like they're burning. I wouldn't call it excruciating but definitely a 7/10 in terms of pain level. It becomes worse with colder temperatures as well.
  
    Should I be too concerned?

Article: Age: 24
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 5’10
  
    Weight: 190lbs / 85 kilos I think
  
    Race: White
  
    This is hard to write as I can barley think but I recently (in the past 4 months) began to go exercise regularly at the gym. When I leave, my sweat naturally starts to dry and what follows is a unbearable gnawing itch. It really starts after I take a shower, as soon as I get out I feel it coming on. It’s not uncomfortable, it’s to the point where I need to sit down and just wait for it to pass. I can’t think about anything else. If I were to try to stand up, my knees would just buckle, I tried to do the dishes once while experiencing this onset of itching - impossible.
  
    I’ve always had sensitive skin all my life. When I was younger, SLIGHTLY dirty pools would cause me to break out with red hives all over my body. They weren’t itchy. I went to the doctor multiple times, they had no explanation. A few years ago, I went to the bahamas. I had been sunburnt so bad that I developed « Hells Itch » hands down the worst thing I have dealt  with in my life, literal torture.
  
    Coming back to my itchy skin after working out, I don’t know what to do. Cold showers, hot showers,lotion; I don’t know what to do. I missed class this morning because I wasn’t able to put my shoes on due to the itching, I just held my ankles waiting for the hell to subdue.
  
    Does anybody have any f***ing idea what could possibly cause this? How can I treat this?

Article: 23F
  
    This place that I’m in is infested. So many attempts to get rid of them in the past FOUR. MONTHS. and they’re still here. No, I can’t hire an exterminator because of reasons I don’t wanna disclose (just please believe me, I would if I could). I thought they were finally dwindling, but what happened just now is….
  
    Just now I was making French fries. Got through the first batch. Was on the second when I noticed something that’s definitely not a fry frying in there. Yes, the dishes I was using were spotless and washed a hundred times over with soap, brand new sponges and all.
  
    I had a couple of the fries of the first batch. Now my brain is thinking, “what if it was already in the first and I didn’t notice?”. To be fair, I didn’t notice it floating around in there in the first batch.
  
    I’m yet another huge hypochondriac, I wanna throw up and can feel another panic attack coming. I hate this situation. Can anyone give any advice on this situation? I don’t even know what advice I’m looking for. I don’t know what else to do.

Article: Long story short, I am a user of steroids and have been for a short while, I've been using trenabalone enathate for the course of 3 weeks with weekly doses of 350 mg, I split them up and inject in my glutes twice a week, same spot every time.
  
    I have devolped a massive lump on the injection site, grew concerned I searched up on how to get rid of it and I read on Quara the best solution is by massaging the lump, I have done rubbed it but super hard for like 40 minutes and after wards I have devolped a massive head ache as I type right now. I am worried have I just made the medication absorb to quick? Or am I over reacting and will I be just fine?
  
    My information
  
    Age: 22
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 6'5
  
    Weight: 200 pounds
  
    Race: white
  
    Duration of complaint: today
  
    Location: Australia
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: no
  
    Current medications: only Trenabalone enathate

Article: Hi I'm 23m.
  
    Mid august i played volleyball and was about to set the ball (push it up with two open hand finger push thing), but the ball was too low and it only hit my right thumb and bent it backwards (and maybe some downwards too). It caused a lot of pain so i took a short break but continued playing a bit more that day.
  
    The day after it still hurts a lot and i went to the doctor. He couldn't feel any instability in the thumb and said to keep it calm for some time.It got a little better with time. And i got it checked again two weeks later where i got told it's probably a sprain. Then two and a half month after the injury i went to the doctor again, and to make sure nothing was broken he took an x-ray.. Nothing was broken.
  
    Right now (three month after the injury) i have a little pain in the mcp joint when moved back and it just feels a little off in general. When holding my too hands clapped together, my injured thumb can't move as far back and there is some resistance in the movement. There is also clear visual differences around the thumb on the hand (pictures :D) https://imgur.com/a/TVo2zrG

    I am worried that my doctor has missed something because it's still not good and it feeling like somethings is in there. So i'm asking here, to see if i can get some help or advice! thx :D

Article: Please help me understand my urine test.
  
    Hi 28 year old female, i weigh 47 and suffer with ibs - c , gastritis and asthma
  
    I had a few urine dip stick test that showed a slight bladder infection but dr wasn’t too worried. This was about two weeks ago.
  
    I went in to a bad ibs flare up on Friday and started my period we assume. On Friday i was send for a lab test of my urine. I dont have any uti related symptoms i can distinguish from my ibs flare. Dont feel the urge to urinate often and no burning or pain. Still just suffering with my ibs flare up.
  
    Im starting antibiotics (azithromycin) for my sinus infection ( bad sinus problems for last 3 weeks and now have green plegm ) today but received my urine results and kind of freaking out that i have a really bad urine infection i have been ignoring and that its going to go septic.
  
    Do i leave the antibiotics for the sinus problems and do the urizone for the bladder and then do my sinuses infection antibiotics?
  
    Are these results very bad ??

Article: I was driving yesterday & without warning got light headed & experienced the weirdest thing with my vision. It was like my peripheral was narrowing in & shaky. I happened to be on speaker phone & said "I don't feel good I need to pull over" but while knowing this my body turned the car left very narrowly escaping an accident. I had a wave of nausea and I was able to pull off where the vision persisted for almost 2 minutes. When I would close my eyes I got like a strobe light effect and the only way I can explain it was my vision was shaky with black and white triangles. Once the dizziness and vision started to get normal again, I got a headache in the bak of my head on the right and felt my heart beating strong in there. It lasted only about 35 min. I felt so discombobulated but think that was anxiety from what had just happened scaring me so much! I also have blood pooling just in my fingertips which I’ve had before and may or may not be related but I wanted to mention in case. I don’t drink or smoke or use any drugs. I am 35, 150 pounds and I have been experiencing some weird autoimmune like symptoms for a year. They kick started after delivering my second baby. I’m 5 foot 6 and obviously really worried.

Article: Male, 25, not on any meds, 6ft4, don't drink or smoke - 290lbs
  
    From the test it looks like my Alanine Transaminase (ALT) and Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT) are out of range.
  
    I'm just worried that means that I've got liver damage and that it might be serious. Thanks for a help!
  
    Here are my results:
  
    Alanine Transaminase (ALT)
  
    Normal range: 10-50 U/L
  
    73
  
    Albumin
  
    Normal range: 35-50 g/L
  
    43
  
    Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)
  
    Normal range: 30-130 U/L
  
    54
  
    Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT)
  
    Normal range: 1-55 U/L
  
    57
  
    Total Bilirubin
  
    Normal range: below < 21mu*mol / L
  
    16
  
    Total Protein
  
    Normal range: 60-80 g/L
  
    73
  
    Globulin
  
    Normal range: 20 - 35g / l
  
    24

Article: Hello I was wondering if anyone had an idea of what’s going on?
  
    Context: 23F, normal bmi & suffer from IBS
  
    Not always but sometimes when I stand up from sitting I get this pain in my right or along my abdomen it’s so hard to describe because it’s not like a sharp sudden pain but like a dragging/winded feeling? It stops me in my tracks and I have to stand to recover for a few seconds. it happened yesterday and today and a few times before in the past but I’m just unsure of what it could be?
  
    Thank you!

Article: 25F, 178lbs. This is an old  throwaway, i’m embarrassed and don’t want this on my main account.
  
    Semi recently, I had strep throat, which I experienced frequently. After several days of abx, I wasn’t had developed a cough, moderate chest pain and SOB on exertion, tachycardia 120’s-130’s, and fever. I was told to go to the ER by my manager, who is an experienced RN. I was too embarrassed to go to my hospital’s ER, so I went to the one across town.
  
    The provider essentially dismissed my symptoms - “you have a history of anxiety” (OCD, no medical fixations, no ER visits due to this ever), and “you’re probably fine but I’ll just give you some fluids, a CBC and a chest xray”. CBC was fine aside from elevated WBC’s, nothing crazy on chest xray, so they discharged me, essentially said it was just anxiety.
  
    I read the provider’s notes after my visit, something I never do, and they were kind of alarming. I realize that medical notes are easy to misinterpret, but it sounds incredibly biased to me.
  
    Some highlights-
  


    I have a couple medical conditions that run in my family. They are on being actively treated. I provided the info when asked in triage and I specifically remember because the provider mentioned knowing my rheumatologist. However, the only medical history specifically on the note was psych history (OCD, PTSD, and a years-old, inaccurate, bipolar 2 diagnosis). I see a psychiatrist who has confirmed I do not meet the criteria for bipolar. There is a note that states this under the diagnosis column on my patient profile.
  


    No mention of active strep infection and specifically states “no current medications”. I was on antibiotics and I take a couple medications that have some significant contraindications with other meds. Again, all on my profile and I went over my med list to the provider during my assessment.
  


    specific exam features are listed. She did not get within 5 feet of me, because if she had she may have seen the pustules in my throat and my 3+, bright red tonsils instead of listing it as “normal”
  


    “chronic conditions make the patient higher risk for panic disorder and hyperventilation”. Sure, I agree, but this comment out of context could be interpreted by another provider as if I’m a patient who is prone to drama.
  


    “problems related to certain psychosocial circumstances which significantly limit diagnosis and treatment”. This one upset me the most. I feel that it makes it seem like I am non compliant or not mentally competent, it’s essentially saying that my mental illness is preventing me from participating in my care.
  


    I have a good relationship with my regular doctors, I went through a couple notes from past visits and I saw no mention of any psych issues. I am worried that this note could affect a future provider’s assessment of my symptoms. I work at a hospital, I am medically literate, I’m a CNA working on getting into PA school. I’m not psychologically unstable or unable to recognize “anxiety”.
  
    If I’m completely misinterpreting this, please correct me.
  
    Also, the strep infection wasn’t treated by the first course of abx, something that happens in people who have frequent strep infections like I used to. I had to do another course and had RSV also. I found out later that day when my doc was able to squeeze me in between appointments. So no, it wasn’t “a panic attack”. Guess I’m glad I didn’t ignore it & end up with an actual life threatening problem!

Article: Hey i was at the doctor today because of breathlessness and back pain. Im a non smoker 22M. Height: 175Cm Weight: 66.5KG First of all my symptoms have gotten waaay better over last few weeks But i went to the doctor anyways since i had the appointment.
  
    First she took my weight which Said 61kg. Im pretty sure this is wrong since my own and friends weight thing says 66.5kg. After that i took the spirometer test and Got 4.0 liter Air, which she meant was low. And something under 70%. The spirometer they used also looked bad. There was tape Holding it together.
  
    While taking the test i blew all my Air Out in like under a second. And couldnt keep blowing. And she kept saying keep going But i was finished Way before. Is there a chance this result could be wrong?
  
    She looked kinda worried about my results which in return made me worried. But i feel so much better so i dont get it. Now that im worrying i feel breathlessness lol
  
    Quick note: i have No history with asthma or any lung or heart problem neither has my family

Article: 33M I had a sexual encounter Sunday the 29th that was protected besides some genital rubbing around my butt I was the receptive partner) 2-3 days after I started feeling tired and had chills and maybe a low grade fever, as well as sweating at night and a maybe swollen lymph node. After about a week the tiredness and those symptoms have subsided.
  
    It's day 15 since the encounter and the last few nights, l've been sweating at night a little and have some throat irritation as well a cough and a little diarrhea this morning. The condom didn't break after the actual encounter so I don't know why I got sick and are having these symptoms. I'm getting tested tomorrow doing a 4th Gen test. But should I really be worried about HIV? Someone please help!

Article: 19F, no known physical conditions.
  
    So I have always been able to pop my hips out of their sockets when I lean or put weight on either side. I can do it on command with no pain, I just feel it pop and you can physically see the side of my hip protrude out. It sometimes happens accidentally when I lean to one side but it mostly happens when its on purpose. I think it just goes back into place by itself when I stop leaning, all completely painless.
  
    I thought everyone could do this, but when i recently showed some people, they were freaked out and said that isn’t normal. So what does this mean? My mother 52F has hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis, and is in a lot of pain and is getting a hip replacement soon. Could this be a possible sign I am due for the same fate?

Article: Hi!
  
    I (F22, no use of drugs or alcohol, no conditions/use of medication) recently noticed these little bumps on my body, predominately on my arms & legs.
  
    This has never happened before (that I know of). A quick Google search states it could possibly be keratosis pilaris?
  
    The odd area itches here & there, but that’s it symptom wise (other than the view of the rash itself).
  
    Thanks!

Article: Age
  
    Sex
  
    Height
  
    Weight
  
    Race
  
    Duration of complaint
  
    Location
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues
  
    Current medications
  
    Include a photo if relevant

Article: [20 Male]  So, most of the times when I go to bed to sleep, the palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot. Sometime, uncomfortably so. Any idea why this happens. I am just curious, its been happening for around a year now.

Article: I am a 20 Male 6’0 170 smoker i got hit in the head with a small item really hard,My question is, can you die from a brain bleed if you haven’t experienced nausea or a major headache? Top right side of my head has been numb have had a super runny nose with a lot of clear mucus and had a bloody nose last two nights feel a little lightheaded but could just be sick(to clarify I don’t think I have one but I’m not entirely sure) was hit in forehead right above eye causing right side of scalp to go numb for days, still numb.

Article: Does masterbating cause face acne breakout?
  
    I know this from a couple of google search that masterbating does not cause any form of any acne breakout but the acne on my face only appears after masterbating. I (22m) have been off 2 weeks since and my face has no sign on of acne . Why does it happen only after masterbating?

Article: 23f
  
    I am getting a loop recorder implant and I forgot to inform my doctor that I use kratom. I will be sedated for the procedure, I believe it’ll be twilight zone sedation. Can kratom affect the effectiveness of the anesthesia? If so, how long should I stop using before the procedure? Thanks:)
  
    And I know kratom can affect liver function, my AST/ALT are great, although AST is lower than normal. I get blood work done quite frequently. My dose is low.
  
    Medical history:
  


    lupus nephritis
  


    aortic aneurysm
  


    bicuspid aortic valve
  


    unspecified arrhythmia
  


    Other meds:
  


    Prozac 60mg
  


    Seroquel 100mg
  


    Klonopin 0.5mg
  


    birth control
  


    Qulipta
  


    Rizatriptan 10mg
  


    Vitamin D supplements

Article: Female 30, hx of Asthma, Migraines, ADHD.
  


    -Meds taken: Vyvanse, Dextroamphetamine, Cyclobenzaprine, Mounjaro, Trelegy, Flonase, Allegra, birth control pill, Allegra
  


    Vitamins taken: B100 complex, flaxseed oil, magnesium glycinate & citrate, L Theanine, NALT, cod liver oil, ginseng, chlorophyll, probiotics, coq10, MSM, GABA, gingko, L Tyrosine.
  


    -ISSUE: severe pain & tingling in back. Pain radiating into lower back, shoulder, arm, neck
  
    I’ve been having issues with my back since March, but it has never been as severe as it is now.
  
    In March I started getting increased back pain accompanied by tingling. The tingling would come and go and so would the pain. I got an x ray of my neck which showed my cervical spine was completely straight. I bought a cervical pillow & it helped a lot.
  
    Now since this past Friday, I have been having the worst pain & discomfort ever. The pain is constant & it’s mostly on the right side of my back in the trapezius area. In addition to the constant pain, I am also getting shooting pains & spasms into my shoulder, arm, hand, neck, & down my back & constant really intense tingling.
  
    It hurts when I sit up and also while laying down. It literally feels like static/pins & needles are in my back, especially on the right side and it’s super intense. The right side of my back is the main & most severe area of pain but I’m feeling pain all over my back.
  
    The spasms & shooting pains are so severe it stops me in my tracks & these spasms shoot into multiple places with no rhyme or reason.
  
    Also, if I press a certain area in my clavicle area and move my shoulder, there’s a click/pop sensation. I have neck pain as well but primarily on the right side.
  
    I’ve tried my massage gun, muscle relaxers, pain meds, hot bath, hot shower, stretching, heating paid, ice pack.. none of this has helped. It’s getting worse with each passing day. I have an appt with my primary doc Thursday, but I’m not sure I can last that long. My neuro treats my migraines & the original back issue, but for whatever reason, he just isn’t sending me for any imaging.
  
    I am thinking a possible herniated disc, & the tingling could be coming from a nerve being compressed, but I’m unsure.
  
    I know I need imaging of my back done as there is something really wrong with my back. I am trying to avoid the ER & wait for my appointment.
  
    What could this be? I am trying to emphasize to my doctor that this is not normal and it’s making me miserable. Can someone please help me?

Article: Male, 2 months old, 14 pounds, unsure of length. No medications, no medical conditions or concerns, and no vaccines.
  
    Last Sunday he developed a cough, which unfortunately wasn’t surprising as our 16 month old son had been coughing for a few days (and the whole house eventually became sick). By the Wednesday, we were concerned with the cough so we brought him into emerg. I’m in Canada and it was impossible to find a paediatric walk-in clinic. At the hospital, they swab for all the viruses (covid, RSV, rhino, etc.) and say that they’ll call us if it’s positive. No news is good news. And we were sent home with what to look for if he gets any worse.
  
    We never received a call.
  
    By the Saturday, he was worse - mild retractions, mild fever, cough worse, making gasping noises before his cough. So we brought him back to emerg. We informed triage, our nurse, and the doctor that we were here on Tuesday and that we did not receive a call from the swab. I asked if we can swab again because he clearly had something. The doctor finally (after already waiting 5 hours to be seen) says that she’ll check the results from Tuesday, and go from there.
  
    She comes back within 5 minutes and says that our results from Tuesday were actually positive for RSV. At this point it was taken very seriously - respiratory specialist, sinuses sucked out, pediatrician showed up quickly, stats run again.
  
    I cannot behind to explain the frustration and anger. Not one person at the hospital apologized or expressed that this never should have happened. It was entirely glossed over. We’re literally shocked at the change in how everything was handled before and after finding out he was positive.
  
    Can we consider not receiving this call as negligence? Should we be making a complaint, and if so, where? This type of thing should never happen.

Article: Male - 31
  
    For the last few weeks, I have been peeing more often than I should be, sometimes, around every  hour but other times it can be 5 hours, depending on fluid intake. I don’t have to get up in the night to pee but it all starts to kick off during the day, which is getting in the way of work.
  
    I have been to the Drs, had a urine test, everything came back clear (UTI, diabetes, bladder c, kidney function) I do have a follow up on the 28th November but just come here to see if anyone has the same symptoms.
  
    I have recently just moved home and I must admit, when doing work round the house, my fluid intake for the last few months has mostly been the diet cans. (Coke Zero, Pepsi max) I don’t know if that could have triggered something.  I also did a lot of bike riding for charity through the spring and summer, I don’t know if that could’ve aggravated something. I’ve also struggling a bit with anxiety for the last couple years and it always heightens when health related.
  
    I have had this happen before around 6 years ago, where I randomly started peeing a lot more, just like today but it cleared up after a couple weeks and even then, a urine sample showed nothing. I’ve read about prostatitis and what not but I’m really not sure.
  
    Cheers for the help!

Article: White 26 Year old Male, 110lbs 5" 3'. Over 1 year history of dizziness, headache and minor speech slurring. I just got a head MRA no contrast, and it looks...very strange to my limited knowledge. One artery is much shorter, and neither cerebral artery seems to have much branching like I see in other head MRA images. Does this look normal? I'm wondering if there's images I wasn't provided (theres like 200+, but the anterior circulation is throwing me off.) Previous head MRI showed nothing.
  
    Current medical issues are hypertension, acid reflux and possible ear infection.
  
https://imgur.com/a/cRBIQbV

Article: Female 33 5’8” 209lbs Teacher (relevant) 3 year old son (relevant)
  
    I have an appointment with my PCP Friday, but help me here. Is this normal?
  
    I was very careful during 2020-2021 because I had an infant son. I never got sick. Even the prior 9 years I had been teaching, I never got sick. Maybe once per year. In 2022 I caught all my son’s daycare bugs it seemed, and then I got Covid once.
  
    Then May 2023 - my son and I got strep. I hadn’t had strep in 10 years! Fine. Daycare bug. Then in July, he got strep again. I did not. Then in August I got hit with strep and Covid. He got strep again. In September, he and I got a stomach virus, and I got some weird respiratory virus. On Oct 27 I got Covid again. Yesterday. I got strep, AGAIN!!!!
  
    Relevant info : I teach 6-8 band class. Germ city, but I have always taught that class. 11 years. The last 2 years, 3 and 4 year old music has been added to my daily routine. Could this really be normal? My immunity never sucked before. Maybe the pre k exposure?
  
    Also notable, in 2021 at my last big bloodwork, my vitamin d levels were “barely low” and she didn’t check them in 2022. Maybe my d levels are causing this? I don’t supplement, I was taking elderberry.
  
    What’s wrong with me?!

Article: I have a skin issue from a young age. Somehow, it's yellowish and pale. I don't have jaundice. I've been struggling with anemia for more than 10 years. It's not something serious, but I regularly take iron tablets. I do blood tests, and the doctor says everything is fine, my liver is functioning properly, and my bilirubin is slightly elevated, likely due to genetics (?). Overall, I'm a healthy person. I'm wondering if anyone has had a similar issue and how they resolved it?
  
    How can I decrease bilirubin?

Article: Ok so I'm a 26 year old African american male who has had significant uneven skintone since middleschool from about age fourteen. I believe I started getting severe acne at the age of 12 and about two years later I still had acne but also I noticed my skin on face and neck was about 4 shades darker than the rest of me except for maybe my nose. I'm wondering what may be the underlying cause for this and also what I might could do about this.  I've been to a dermatologist in my teenage years and he told me something like I probably had some sort of infection within my body wich was causing my skin to discolor and gave me some cream but it never really worked but in all honesty I probably never used it consistently.

Article: 20F, So for context, I'm on the first day of my period. I woke up experiencing some discomfort and the urge to use the bathroom. It's not unusual for me to have light diarrhea and cramps during my period, but typically, it's manageable. However, this time, my abdominal pain got very unbearable shortly after going to the bathroom, and I began feeling extremely nauseous. I vomited clear fluid multiple times and experienced cold sweats and extreme dizziness. I'm really not exaggerating the pain. My periods are usually uncomfortable but not painful. I hardly even feel them. I have never experienced this level of pain and discomfort from my cycle before. This is embarrassing to admit, but I literally collapsed on the floor and started crying. It felt like I was dying lol I took Panadol (paracetamol) an hour ago, and I'm feeling a bit better. Now for the questions: Is this a normal side effect of my period, or could it be something else like food poisoning, etc..? I have not been eating well the last couple of days..

Article: 40s female, a few months back I had some pain and I ended up in the ER. Several tests later, I had one positive blood culture. A second sample the next day was negative. This prompted me to search for info about the organism, which led me to a lot of research articles on the NLR. I calculated mine from that ER visit and it was 27. A week or so later it was around 10. It’s finally back below 3, but I was inspired to review my years old medical records to see where mine has been, since it looks like my NLR should be less than 3 to indicate good health. Historically, very few of my samples were Les than 3. For a period of 3 years they were above 4, and a year ago mine was 10.
  
    Does this mean that I have constant inflammation or possibly some kind of underlying condition?
  
    Does the NLR matter at all?
  
    After reading the articles I did, I thought my numbers were off the charts, but they’ve been this way for a long time, at least 20 years, so I must be fine. The outcomes for people in the studies with NLR higher than 3 were poor, so I was a bit concerned, but am not losing sleep over it. It’s more of a curiosity. My doctor never mentions NLR, so maybe it’s not something common to look at.

Article: My daughter (12F, 60 inches, 85 lbs) broke her hip about 5 weeks ago. She had 3 screws put in to reattach the femoral head. She’s doing really well, but she’s developed a pretty severe itchy rash around her incision sites (I will post a picture in the comments.)  She is miserable and is having a hard time sleeping.
  
    I’ve looked it up online trying to find the best match to her symptoms and how to help her… I’m just guessing, but it appears it may be an allergic reaction to the adhesive used to close the incisions.
  
    I have left a message for her surgeon, but it may be up to 3 days before anything happens. I have also tried Urgent Care, but they won’t see her since it is related to her surgery.
  
    What should I use in the meantime? Cortisone cream or Benadryl cream? Would an oral antihistamine help?
  
    She’s not on any medications, no known allergies previous to this and otherwise healthy. We are in the U.S.
  
    Thank you for any advice.

Article: Sharing report of my nieces, she is now entering 5th year, last seizure was in 2021, today received the report, her doctor appointment not available till Feb 2024,
  
    Current medicine: levera 2 and 2.5 Ml BD
  
    Image of report attached.
  
https://ibb.co/ZJcvMXQ

Article: For the better part of almost a decade I have had a great decline in both physical and mental health. Went through a plethora of different medications, therapy, you name it. Just about all of the medications seemed to HELP but never significantly resolve the underlying issues. I understand psychiatric medication is never supposed to "cure" the issue but rather help it somewhat substantially. Every medication ive been on even at VERY high dosages i could tell wasnt working as effectively as it should be at all. Ever since i was approximately 15 years old a storm of symptoms all hit me at once; increase in weight (roughly 80 pounds in 1 year), horrible lethargy, anhedonia, focus, concentration, excess sleeping upwards of in frequent cases quite literally 18 hours, extreme decline in memory, agitation, hair thinning, joint fatigue, strange pressure on my neck causing occasional "voice cracks", depression and anxiety, I mean you name it. Just about EVERY symptom of hypothyroidism/Hashimoto thyroid disease lines up so perfectly its almost comedic. (outside of mensural problems obviously). Also a family history of Thyroid issues.
  
    Coming from a family that was never actually on top of health at all, ever, I have always suspected something was physically wrong causing all, or at least a large portion of these aliments, not just "you have bad mental health because you have bad mental health". I did my own research (a lot of it actually doctorial backed articles not just random google searches) and come across thyroid issues as a possible cause for elevation of these symptoms. Now when i say my family was not on top of my health, i mean i literally didnt know you were even supposed to see your blood test results. I thought doctors only called you if something seemed very wrong. When i called my doctor to review my at the time most recent blood test from Jan 2022 in suspicion that a thyroid problem COULD be a cause i come to find out my TSH level was at 4.7. A few months ago i find out its down to 3.7, and now 3.5 as of writing this. Acceptable range for all of these tests are .5-4.2 TSH. Now heres where i start to question things.
  
    When i was doing this research I come to find that anything above a TSH of 2.5+ is cause for general concern. Especially in your 20's and especially when you are male. A medication I have been on for the longest on and off is the tricyclic antidepressant Clomipramine which i was prescribed upwards of 200mg. Ive noticed being on clomipramine would induce pretty severe derealization/depersonalization which I didnt discover until very recently. That test from early 2022? Very sure I was on clomipramine. My most recent test of 3.5 TSH? havent been on clomipramine for around 5 months now with somewhat substantial cognitive improvement leading me to believe there is a direct connection between TSH level and my general wellbeing. Worth noting my ESR (or SED) rate was 28 (normal range for males under 50 being <15) and a low ALK PHOS both of which happen to be seen in those with some sort of thyroid issue including thyroid disease. I have an elevated cholesterol level as well.
  
    BOTH doctors I have been to within the last 4 months immediately disregarded the possibility of thyroid issues to be a root cause of my symptoms. My second doctor at least mentioned the possibility of rheumatoid arthritis causing my issues which just came back to be negative. My question is are my recent blood work samples any indicator of thyroid issues at all? Or are all the doctors right in completely dismissing the idea of it being a thyroid issue simply because thyroid issues are "unlikely at my age and sex"?

Article: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
  
    I'm 57M, FrenchHello,I fell down the stairs two weeks ago, and now I'm resting at home with painkillers (Tramadol and paracetamol), and a shoulder immobilizer that keeps my left arm fixed to my body. I have two questions:1/ I try not to overuse painkillers (2 a day), which means I can feel pain in my shoulder when changing positions, or obviously when I try to dress myself. I wonder if by masking the pain by taking pills every six hours, I might inadvertently make movements that could jeopardize the healing of my shoulder.2/ After two weeks of immobilization, I've started to use my left hand a little, which "sticks out" of my shoulder immobilizer (for example, to cut food on my plate). Is it advisable to do this, or should I aim for complete immobilization of the arm and hand?
  
    Thanks!

Article: I’m a 24m, I had a ruptured aneurysm in my aca (might be the wrong abbreviation) and another one growing. I had a bad case of asthma, After my surgery I’am able to to run around and do all sorts of activities with out any inhalers or nebulizer. Im curious, did my aneurysm surgery fix that?

Article: Hi. This post is probably going to be lengthy so I appreciate anyone who takes the times to read it. I am truly at the end of my rope.
  
    I am a 23 year old female. While my health has never been the most optimal, I was a functioning human being up until the morning of March 11th, 2020. I am not even exaggerating when I say that my entire life changed in the blink of an eye. I was fine, and then I wasn’t.
  
    I woke up with a really bad headache. It felt different than most headache’s I’ve had before. All I know is it was excruciating. I took some advil, hoping it would subside. But it never did. That’s right. I have had the headache every single second, minute, hour since 9:00 am on March 11th, 2020. It is the most debilitating thing I have ever experienced. I truly do not know how I’ve held on this long. No doctor has been able to figure it out. I’ve tried so many migraine meds, botox, nerve blocks, nothing helps. The pain does vary in severity throughout the day but it never goes below a 5 and it’s usually a 7-8. When it’s a 10, I am puking and contemplating ending my life. I do not sleep. My brain feels like it’s degenerating. I am in a constant fog. My cognitive decline is so bad.
  
    The headaches aren’t the only thing that happened. After that date, it seems like so many other of my body’s functions & organs started to decline. I developed POTS (diagnosed by a cardiologist) but that doesn’t explain everything. Whenever I stand, my entire world is spinning, my blood pressure drops, and my heart begins racing.
  
    My bladder doesn’t work right anymore. My bladder constantly hurts, is overactive, and I am incontinent. I can drink a few sips of water and my entire bladder seems to COMPLETELY fill up immediately after, which makes no sense to me at all. I leak so much. I feel elderly.
  
    Constant GI issues. I had GI issues prior to this date, but things are getting progressively worse to the point where I am literally scared to consume food. But I still do, because I need to f*cking eat. I just deal with the consequences. Severe esophagus burning, stabbing pains in my stomach, either diarrhea/constipation never normal stools. External hemorrhoids Always nauseous
  
    My joints and bones hurts so bad 24/7. I recently found out I have osteopenia but I don’t think that causes pain.
  
    I have a chronic wet/whooping cough, even if I’m not sick. I had this since I was younger but it’s getting progressively worse. I have so much difficulty breathing. The only thing I can think of that could possibly have caused this is that I had pneumonia twice, once when I was 7 and another time when I was 18. And bronchitis more times than I can count.
  
    In addition to my headACHE, I also have horrendous scalp pain. You know that feeling when you take your hair out after it’s been in a ponytail all day and your “hair hurts?” It’s like that but 30x more painful like literal burning. Any movement of my hair is so painful. I also have significant hair loss.
  
    This symptom has really started within the past 2 years, but all of a sudden my circadian rhythm completely changed. I am free running. My “sleep” schedule cycles around the clock but generally my body likes to be waking up when everyone else in the world is going to bed (11 pm - 12 am), and going to bed in the afternoon or early evening. I say sleep in quotations because I barely sleep. When I do, the quality is so poor and I constantly wake up. I’ve always been a night owl but this is horrendous and debilitating because no matter how much I try to fix it, my body keeps reverting back. I often go 24-48 hours without any sleep.
  
    Some other symptoms I have on a daily basis is chest pain, tinnitus, constant pins & needles/neuropathy throughout my body, declining vision, and vertigo.
  
    There are so many other symptoms but these are the main things. I’m crying as I type this because I don’t know what to do. I am on disability income, I cannot work, I cannot go to school anymore. My life came to a halt on March 11th, 2020. I’ve been to so many doctors for my headache especially and I’m at the point where I just want to give up. I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I am 23 and I had so many aspirations and dreams. Now I feel like a complete invalid. Useless. Not contributing to society. I don’t do anything. It’s extremely rare that I am able to leave the house.
  
    bone density scan results: https://imgur.com/gallery/wc47hOq

    head CTA results: https://imgur.com/gallery/IaBztgr

    brain mri with contrast results: https://imgur.com/gallery/Fffrdr6

    CERVICAL** spine mri myelogram results:  https://imgur.com/gallery/yi2uMSc (not sure what the findings mean on this one. doc never followed up about it)
  
    Any insight at all would be so incredibly appreciated. I just want to live again. Or at least improve my quality of life. I cant keep doing this.
  
    ETA:
  
    Doctors I have seen:
  


    My PCP, regularly
  


    Neurologist, I see him regularly.
  


    Pain management doctor, nerve blocks didn’t work
  


    Cardiologist, dxed me with POTS
  


    Neurosurgeon (because on a recent brain scan there was an unruptured brain aneurysm found that needs close monitoring)
  


    GI doctor
  


    Rheumatologist, diagnosed me with Ehlers-danlos but I truly don’t see how that explains the sudden shift in my health to this extent. She didn’t do any bloodwork for autoimmune disease for some reason.
  


    Neuro-ophthalmologist. Ruled out IIH. Even though my weight is fine, it was something my neuro wanted to rule out.
  


    Hematologist. Only thing that was found was very low ferritin which I have been taking iron for multiple months now, but no change in health.
  


    ETA:
  
    It’s really hard to describe my headache but I will try, if that helps. It basically feels like my head has a very tight band around it and my head is fizzling all over. Like a fizzy drink. and literal pins and needles throughout my entire head. Coupled with the aforementioned burning scalp
  
    I am 5’4 and 150 lbs currently.

Article: I am in shambles. I have been in the hospital for almost five days. Came in for a bad UTI. They needed to perform a cystoscopy on me and inserted a catheter before my procedure. They asked me twice if I was allergic to latex. I said yes. The nurse said “oh.. what kind of reaction do you have to it?” And I explained my hands/skin swells, gets blistery/rashy  and suuuper inflamed. I was supposed to go home 3 hours after my procedure. But then- the most unimaginable pain I’ve ever felt- and I’m tough. I’ve had my stomach cut open to remove a small melon sized cyst/my fallopian tube, I’ve had my spine FUSED, and I’ve had my tonsils out at 25 which was also veryyyyyy horrifying, but nothing like this procedure. Holy fucking hell. I didn’t know pain like that existed. I’ve never screamed that way. No one could touch me or I would spasm and scream at the top of my lungs. Well, the hospital had been extremely vague about my issues. I’m still here, still bleeding, unable to pee on my own at 30 years old. Today a friend came to advocate for me and the doctor finally admitted the first catheter put in was LATEX.  What the hell do I do? Is this what’s causing my to be in so much pain and lose so much blood? There’s not much online about this. Any help is appreciated.
  
    Edit: 30, F, Type 2 diabetes and High blood pressure. Both controlled with meds and diet. PCOS. Minor bladder issues (weak pelvic floor),ADHD, Anxiety.
  
    (Lisinopril, amplodopine, metformin,mounjaro, Ritalin, lexapro)
  
    Came in for a bad UTI. I was running back and forth to the bathroom constantly so they put in a foley. The blood was leaking everywhere because the nurse forgot to clamp one of the three. They were using the one with three to irrigate my bladder. Then I went into get my cystoscopy. They immediately told me they tok my catheter out and I just said okay because I didn’t know any better. I started having terrible pain shortly after the anesthesia wore off. Today one doctor admitted my first catheter was LATEX. I’ve been here wsy longer than I should and I’ve never been in so much pain and wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy.

Article: I 28F went to my male doctor once again due to heavy periods, cramps, etc. Even when I'm off my period it would immobilize me, causing me to miss work (once a week now at least) he has always declined referring me to other specialists. I wanted him to refer me to an obgyn, as well as someone who could help with mental health. He never refers me. I've been trying to find a new doctor for 4 years but he's the only one accepting patients...hmmm...
  
    Anyway, thats not really a huge part of the story but I did casually mention a partial hysterectomy (I just wanted him to know it's in my head for the future)
  
    I had to remind him I am only interested in women. There was a female student doctor who told me there's no one out there that would do that for me at my age and I repeated that I just wanted it to be known that I wanted it, and I understood it can't be now. And that I was gay. I don't want kids. My partner of 5 years does not want kids. We will not come up with the money to create kids and take care of them.
  
    My doctor asked the following qustions that I tried to order correctly:
  
    "How long have you been gay? How old were you?" "Have you been gay the entire time you've been my patient?" "How did you know you were gay?" "How many men have you been with?" "How many men have you been with before you were 18?" "How many women?" "Why do you like women more than men? Do you like women physical features more" "Have you been sexually abused by men?"
  
    By the end I was nearly in tears but I couldn't help but laugh and look at the female student doctors reaction. The male doctor said "naproxen, that's it" and the female student doctor said "we should get an ultrasound done" and the male doctor declined and left. The female student doctor dug into a drawer and pulled out a business card. And said "if you have any concerns with today call this number" and sent me on my way. I looked it up and it was upper management of the clinic I was at. She must have wanted me to report it?
  
    He has always made me uncomfortable because every time I see him outside the clinic, he wraps his arm around me and pulls me to his chest. I never considered it a hug. Just being inappropriate. He's asked for discounts where I work too. He knows I have anxiety and I've been trying to get over it for years. I think im over thinking but I just wrote it all out here...now I think im not overreacting at all. He always asks about me at my other family members appointments. My family thinks he's weird with me.
  
    Tell me I'm not crazy and that he's just weird?
  
    Edit: okay. I'll report him. I feel like this is something that is difficult for me to do as I see him outside of his job a lot. I don't want to speak to him ever again let alone confront him
  
    Edit again: the heavy cramping and bleeding has happened within the last 2 years but the last 3 months have been agonizing. There has been no ultrasound since my complaints. I was searched for endometriosis in 2016 because i bled out my belly button during and after my  period since puberty. They found and fixed a hernia near my belly button during the search, since then 0 bleeding from my belly button. But no endometriosis. This had nothing to do with my current doctor. But quite frankly I have dismissed the whole bloody belly button ever since the laproscopy as its been fixed.

Article: FINDINGS: Vertebral body height and alignment are maintained. No acute bone marrow edema. T2 hyperintense right renal lesion, favor simple cyst. Conus medullaris terminates at an appropriate level.
  
    T12-L1, L1-L2, L2-L3: No central canal neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L3-L4: Generalized disc bulge with facet arthropathy no significant spinal canal narrowing. Mild right neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L4-L5: Generalized disc bulge with central disc herniation and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy results in anterior impression on the thecal sac with mild to moderate central canal stenosis and mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.
  
    L5-S1: Generalized disc bulge results in mild central canal stenosis and bilateral lateral recess stenosis as well as moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.....
  
    wtf does this all mean?

Article: I'm 27 AFAB, 5'6, 290lbs. Diagnosed with hypothyroidism, PCOS, Fibromyalgia, Aura Migraines, Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Multiple Vitamin Deficiencies, Anemia, and IBS (also DR considers me "medically sensitive" since I've had multiple bad reactions to medications OTC and prescription). Medications: Levothyroxine, DEPO Provera (shot form), Gabapentin (low dose to see if I can tolerate it), Topiramate, Propranolol, Cyclobenzaprine (as needed), and Promethazine (as needed). I also have an Albuterol inhaler just in case as well as some vitamins/a daily multivitamin.
  
    I've had a persistent cough since I was a child. It was productive and often lead to chronic respiratory infections that got worse during the spring and winter. I have chronic sinusitis (part of my obstructive sleep apnea) as according to my ENT my nose developed "too small". It's proportionate to my face but my nasal passages are small (no extra cartilage. just small). My tongue is also "too big" and gets stuck in the back of my throat at night, compounding the problem. I use a CPAP when the coughing isn't bad and it works well. I tend to have a lot of mucus in my throat at all times, usually due to the acid reflux. It makes it hard for me to swallow some days. Also my nose is constantly draining or becoming congested and while I've tried methods to deal with it, it's an uphill battle.
  
    THE ISSUE AT HAND: Over the past three weeks, I've been hacking up large chunks of white mucus. They're usually sticky or frothy. Sometimes they're like ropes that I've almost choked on trying to get out. I've had something similar when I had pneumonia in 2019. I'm not having any other sickness symptoms (no increase in frequency of my cough, no fever, no runny nose, etc.). I am nauseous and a bit more tired though, but with all my other conditions who knows why I'm tired and nauseous all of a sudden. However, sometimes when I take deep breaths I can hear/feel like a faint crackling. Also, right before the mucus comes up I get a chest pain that goes away once I've hacked it up. (Sorry I know this is gross).
  
    I'm starting to get concerned because it's different from the time I had pneumonia and it's not like any other time I've gotten sick. My COVID tests keep coming back negative too. I can't get an appointment with my doctor until the last week of this month, so I'm making this post more to ease my anxiety until then. I saw a pulmonologist in the spring and they ruled out asthma/COPD. I did have a few weeks of pleurisy back to back around the time of the Canadian wildfires and every time my body tries to push through a period I get a 48hr "flu" (which happened at the end of October) so I know that put a lot of stress on my system.  Literally as I'm typing this it's happening again. It's incredibly uncomfortable and I would like it to stop.
  
    I just can't figure out why this is happening. I've been looking at mucus color charts and wracking my brain to figure out why my cough is doing weird shit all of a sudden.

Article: I'm female and in my early 50s and have suffered with low iron levels, mainly around 11 but can go up to 20, which affects my energy greatly. This has been from before my periods that started at 12 to now where I'm about 3 years into my menopause. I'm currently on levothyroxine and HRT and have psoriasis. I take ferrous sulphate tablets fairly regularly. I've had low B12 levels, twice in the last 12 years, which required a course of injections and it is monitored yearly. I became vegetarian at 15 but do eat a lot of iron rich foods and started eating chicken and fish 20 years ago. I had a sample taken for bowel cancer recently which was negative. And also had a coeliac blood test in the summer which was negative. I'm sick of waking up feeling shattered every day of my life and this has been prior to being diagnosed with hypothyroidism which was 10 years ago. I'm a healthy weight and walk and run a few miles regularly as well as doing other sports. I slept well up until the menopause. I'm not depressed but I'm in the process of getting an ADHD/autism diagnosis and have been told by 2 clinicians that I probably have dyspraxia and hypermobility. Do I need further tests for why my iron is so low or  does every other ailment I have added together mean they make me tired? I don't think the hypothyroidism counts as much as this has been going on long before that diagnosis though I do recognise it impacts me now too. ETA: I had a gastroscopy 6 years ago and there were no issues detected.

Article: -33F -Canada 5"2 -Pre pregnancy weight 144lbs -Current weight 156lbs -17 weeks pregnant 2nd pregnancy -Just stopped breastfeeding 2 year old -Taking prenatals (pregvite) + extra folic acid due to tethered spine (received the surgery 3 years ago) -Taking Tylenol with caffeine for migraines -No other medications -Non smoker
  
    Since giving birth 2 years ago I have been extremely tired. I blamed it on pregnancy and giving birth, then breastfeeding. I have had multiple symptoms such as extreme fatigue, feeling of not being able to breath properly since my c-section, shortness of breath (reading a book to my daughter is even difficult), migraines, and just recently heart palpitations, memory impairment. I've been telling this all to my doctor for 2 years with nothing to come if it.
  
    I had blood work done Nov 9th and these amounts were flagged as low:
  
    RBC: 3.73 Hemoglobin: 114 Hematocrit: .341

Article: Hi, first of all english is not my first languge, so im very sorry for mistakes.
  
    Me- [25f] For a last month I have a troubles with my health, it all started with a pain in right lower abdomen. Doctors did x-ray, sono and found nothing, my bloodwork is ok. They thought I have apendicitis and sent me home. Right after that I got a reflux which moves acids from my stomach to esophagus, im burping all the time. Circa week ago I started noticing that the left side of my ribs is getting bigger and the pain moved from right lower part of my abdomen to the left side of my body. Yesterday I went to the doctor again, she did xray and sono again and again found nothing. Do you have any idea, what can cause this? I'll try to put some pictures in the comment

Article: My son is 2.5 year old male weighs about 37 pounds and about 3 ft tall he actually just lost 2 pounds since his last drs visit? He was born at 33 weeks via emergency c section because he was in distress and was in nicu for a month. He needed bilirubin on and off and oxygen for about an hour.
  
    He has since been pretty healthy. He did go to er about 2 months or so ago for an injury he got playing outside and they did a ct scan on him. Found swollen lymph nodes and the lymph node in his chest was enlarged. Pedals did cbc and said his levels looked good and that was that.
  
    Now he has started getting this marking on his chest. It is always on his chest. It is not raised, he does not itch it, and it goes away on its own. This has been accompanied by dark red very hot cheeks. His primary just said she didn’t know and to get more pics and sent us on our way.
  
    Does anyone know what this could be?

Article: I’m a 32F who has had migraines for a few years now. Just got my MRI results yesterday and it says extensive white matter abnormalities with several focal lesions. I’m scared this is going to be MS. I see a neurologist this week. Any experience with these abnormalities that end up not being associated with MS?

Article: Hello, im 23M and recently remembered an event that happened 7 or so years ago. When I was a teen (about 16 or so), I hit my head on top of the door and required 5 or so stitches. I'm wondering what type of stitches are used on the scalp (absorbable/non absorbable) because I remember I had an appointment for getting my stitches removed which I missed and never got another one. After that I never really mentioned it much again, as I remember me even going to the hairdresser once shortly after, and being too embarrassed to mention it, even while getting my hair combed and feeling immense pain as she went through the stitches with a comb. Is it possible that skin grew over them without any sort of reaction and that I still have them in my scalp years later?

Article: Age: 24 M Weight: 10 stone Height: 5’9 Medications: None
  
    I’ve been having this symptom for years now and it’s a constant backdrop of my life. I find it so hard to put into words, but I will try my best.
  
    It’s like an overwhelming irritability in my face and neck. My face feels really dry/tight, almost as if I had some sort of face paint on. Simultaneously, there’s a subtle dryness in my eyes and throat. In my neck it’s more like a restless/full feeling that urges me to stretch it.
  
    These sensations ebb and flow concurrently, and can linger for days. They feel like some sort of flare up, but I can’t quite put my finger on what triggers it. I have had plenty of blood tests and nothing out of the ordinary aside from slightly low b12, which i am now addressing.
  
    Any help would be much appreciated.
  
    Cheers.

Article: 21, F, 323 lbs
  
    Hi! I recently posted here regarding concerns about my status  as a pre diabetic and how I could find out my status so far, since I was diagnosed sometime in January. I was concerned because I haven’t actually been trying actively to make lifestyle changes, nor consistently. Starting November 11th, though, I made a complete 180. I started myself on a very low carb diet while still getting the calories and protein and fats I need, and started getting more than 8 hours of sleep a day. I also started drinking more than 32 ounces of water a day, and starting exercising A LITTLE. I weighed in at 329 on the 11th. Today, the 14th, I weighed in at 323. I’m only concerned because I have never lost that much weight that quickly. I was reminded by someone that two pounds of that could be fluctuating weight, so I really could have lost 3-4 pounds, but that’s still a little crazy to me. Should I be concerned? I’m feeling far better than I have in other news!
  
    PS: I get retested for diabetes early next week, so that’ll be when it’s actually confirmed

Article: Hi!
  
    I looked up this thread in hopes of finding some advice on how people manage persistent athletes foot and fungal toenails.
  
    I (22F) have had issues with both ever since I could remember. It has maybe been a year or so since I started to properly invest in footcare, and care about foot hygiene, and I have noticed that my usual symptoms of athletes foot (itchiness and flaky skin) have definitely gotten better. I have made sure to clean and dry them properly daily, and I use the lush "T for Toes" powder after every shower (it is infused with tea tree which I heard helps prevent fungal growth). Does anybody have any advice as to what other natural remedies there are available to me to help me get rid of athletes foot completely?
  
    Aside from this, I have really struggled to find the reasoning behind why the tips of my pinkie and big toenails are starting to turn brownish/yellow, and constantly have an unpleasant cheesy smell which I notice when I cut my toenails. I haven't been able to get rid of this smell.
  
    I know that this is also most likely caused by fungus, but I try to keep my feet out of my shoes and socks as much as I can every day to prevent fungal growth. I shower every day, sometimes twice a day. From what I know, my normal foot hygiene doesn't look much different to the average person, so I don't understand where I am going wrong. Also, does nail polish make this condition worse? I like to paint my toenails often.
  
    I would appreciate any advice!

Article: Hi docs! I’m Male, 35, 5”10, no drugs or alcohol, recently circumcised (4 days ago) due to phimosis, and I’m looking for some advice.
  
    It would appear that after my procedure, I’m healing well - I don’t see any complications arising so I’m really happy about that, but I want to ask about sensitivity.
  
    As expected, the head of my penis is incredibly sensitive right now, like I have to walk around with my wang out at all times because even underwear is unbearable, I have to be 100% friction free. I was wondering, would it be safe for me to put a small amount of germalene or other numbing cream on the head of my penis just to numb it a bit? I’ve also seen some sprays that are intended to delay premature ejaculation, if that has the same numbing effect maybe I could use that? If there’s even a remote danger, I wouldn’t consider it, so I thought I should ask here.
  
    Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

Article: I can't control what my body does at times. I attempt to resist an effect, such as reaching for a phone, walking into a store and taking product by actual movement of my body, stealing items from the house kitchen in similar fashion and my body just continues to move towards these actions and does them. What is going on? I am on Invega, does this have anything to do with it?
  
    Best,
  
    Yusef Kalam

Article: My mother gut makes me question my almost 4 year olds health and I am worried about being naive and missing something, I want to make sure I’m not.
  
    Background- Born healthy right before Covid. Aside from heart murmur that was benign, no concerns at all. All physical and emotional milestones normal. Only issues ever were constant ear infections and she got tubes. Extremely active family and very good healthy eater.
  
    A few months before turning 3 she got really sick. Assumed it was just a simple virus but after 2 weeks she got worse. Main concern was a 105+ temp, under armpit. Could not get temp below 103ish no matter what we tried. Spells of incoherency, vomiting, dehydration, everything under the sun. Pediatricians sent to ER 3 times within one month to get fluids/checked out. Never any new information provided and we would be sent home only for her to be just as bad within a couple hours. Day 27 in a row of temps above 105 (no longer than 2-3 hours max below the 104 mark) she was finally admitted into the hospital. She tested positive for 5 viruses including mono. This was after multiple rounds of oral antibiotics/steroids. Doctors said she just got really unlucky with a pile up of things at once. With constant IV fluids and antibiotics for 4 days, she still would not eat, slept 20ish hours a day, and her temp would never break for longer than a couple hours if at all. Doctors began showing a lot of concern and mentioning testing they were going to begin and how the process of elimination would work. Tested negative for lyme but did not make it to autoimmune testing because finally night 5 her fever broke. After 24 hours fever free we were sent home. She slowly but surely got better.
  
    Fast forward she’s now almost 4, it’s exactly a year later. She has gotten sick COUNTLESS times since this all happened. Every time, she seems so much sicker than any of our other kids. Her fevers also are always high (104,105)  and she can’t get out of bed. Even when our younger child has the same illness, she is wayyy worse.
  
    Peds have done blood work 3 times in the past year because of how sick she gets and they want to check her blood counts. They always say her blood counts are good give or take some minor things just due to the current virus, and that some kids just are like this.
  
    I’m just wondering if this is how things really are sometimes because I’ve never met another typically healthy child who gets this sick. I am not a doctor and have tried not to overact. But I want to make sure I’m not being naive or nonchalant.
  
    Typing all this while she has a 104.3 temp currently and some respiratory virus it seems. My 2 year old appears to have the same thing but no temp and is acting normal.
  
    Thanks to anyone who read this.
  
    Sincerely, a mama who loves her baby ❤️

Article: Drug test states “Tests performed/ 5DSP/No Thc/6AM/PHN” I did smoke about a month ago, but I’m worried about it popping up on the test, and I’m not sure whether “No Thc” means that I’m being tested to make sure there’s no Thc, or whether it means no thc test is being done? Thanks much

Article: A little background info. 19 years of drug abuse. Visited the ER last night on the tail end of a month and a half meth binge with chest pain, dizziness, anxiety, headaches, and difficulty catching my breath. Getting into treatment within the next few days. 5 year history of high dose methamphetamine binging followed by periods of abstinence. Drugs in my system when I presented to the hospital for chest pain were large amounts of methamphetamine, 1000mgs of Keppra, 10 mgs of propranolol, and several beers earlier in the day. Took 100mgs of quetiapine for sleep for 5+ years. Haven't taken it in several weeks. Feeling better today but worried for my health and doing what it takes to quit. Currently without health insurance but in the process of getting Medicaid. Wondering how badly I've fucked up my heart. I have other test results from the ER if needed and will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you
  
https://imgur.com/a/YtHWm15

Article: Pics in comments six months apart.
  
    TLDR; can these be some non cancerous growths? What else would cause this type of growths?
  
    I will be seeing a hematologists in January- (any advice?) and an ENT in feb (again any advice?) I am diagnosed with autism, hypothyroidism, gastroparesis, ehlers danlos hypermobility vs possibly another form pending genetic testing, sleep apnea (5 years on cpap now), PCOS, allergies, asthma, psoriasis and/or eczema (two diff doctors conclusions), GERD. undiagnosed but acknowledged dysautonomia, and suspected by myself specifically hyperadrenergic POTS. Suspected by myself and independently suggested by a rheumatologist was Behcets. Otherwise I personally suspect hypersensitivity/cutaneous vasculitis. My mIn differentials are Lupus, Vasculitis (Behcets vs hypersensitivity vs lupus assosiated) Lichen planus Crohns (highly suspected) Dermatomyositis Scleroderma A blood cancer or lymphoma, for at least 3 different risks/reasons- I suspected as paraneoplastic syndrome, then came up on wgs 30x, and then younger maternal first cousin diagnosed recently (w/o symptoms found due to pregnancy) Amyloidosis
  
    Treated issues- Vitamin d deficiency (extreme deficiency- unreadable. Take daily 2,000) Adenomyosis (hysterectomy in June) Anemia (iron infusions with rare phosphorus drop reactions and powder phosphorus supplementation required beforehand) Dermoid on ovary removed at 16 Tonsils removed at 9 Adenoids x2 (they grew back)
  
    Other issues mildly high WBC for over a year usually 12-13, history of previously normal wbc’s. Nothing particularly hurting or infected to explain it. (In the past last year a spike of 17 a few weeks before to 21 with random kidney infection diagnosed; oddly without lower UTI and zero history of any UTI, and with some kind of staph something, I’d have to go look-but not the usual E. coli for uti, and recent unexplained wbc spike to 16) mostly lymphocytes, monocytes and neutrophils and it’s been a couple years now elevated. High sed rate, high CRP, high alpha 1&2 globulins. High cholesterol since discovered as 14/15 year old. Treated and lower now
  
    My meds: AM-synthroid(levothyroxine), protonix(pantaprazole), Wellbutrin (bupoprion), zyrtec (Ceterizine) twice a day, PM- singulair(montelukast), 2,000 vitamin d, and 10mg Lipitor(atorvastatin) , Clonidine as needed for anxiety- from 1x/week to a max of 4/5 day/week of the .1mg. I also smoke cannabis daily, entirely that I grow myself, no pesticides or “extras”, basic nutes, greenhouse and predatory insects like ladybugs etc to control pests/mites. Smoke about 6-10 joints a day. Occasional Aleve about 1-2x/week max

Article: Over a month ago I ( 30F ) got sick. A week and a half later I had to go the hospital where I was diagnosed and treated for pneumonia.
  
    Later on my doctors told me that if I had waited just a little longer I would have ended up on the intense care unit instead.
  
    Anyhow I'm now out of the hospital for over two weeks and while my overall health increased drastically I still feel my heart racing, my pulse is always up and I run out of air easily, I'm condtantly tired and I find it hard to focus. Any idea how much longer this will last? I have a feeling I'm somehow stuck at my current level.
  
    Plus I'm supposed to start work again in 2 weeks. Is it realistic? Is there something I should do to speed up the processes/something to avoid despite the obvious like going to the gym?
  
    Despite the above I am healthy, take no medication and I don't consume any drugs including cigarettes. Thanks in advance.

Article: I am a 20f and I often get really bad pain in my one or the other of my arms around my elbows. The pain feels really deep in my arm and elbow. The pain is accompanied by my arm swelling, turning bright red and feeling hot to the touch as well as it feeling to me like my arm is radiating heat, and sometimes having difficulty moving my joints in the affected arm. My arms also turn like a splotchy purple sometimes. Flares last from several hours to several days and the pain can get unbearably bad. I have been to several doctors but no one has been able to come up with any idea of what might be happening, I have seen my primary doctor, a rheumatologist, a dermatologist, been to urgent care and the ER. I also have pots, narcolepsy, chronic migraines, and possibly fibromyalgia. I take sertraline, metoprolol, corlanor, rizatriptan, and flexoril. I have had blood work done several times, it's usually almost normal with a couple things mildly elevated, I also had a skin biopsy during a flare that was almost normal. This started about a year ago now, I can't think of anything that makes it start, nothing I eat, drink, touch, or anywhere I am, it just pops up randomly. Ibuprofen or Tylenol don't really get rid of the pain when it is bad. I am just looking for any ideas of what it might be, what I can do, or who I should talk to about this.

Article: Hey, 23M, 72kg weight, around 175 height , I've been experiencing strange symptoms for about 3 years, and over this period, quality of my life has been progressively worsening.It all began with minor sleep issues. Initially, I'd sleep 8-9 hours but still feel the need to nap during the day due to excessive sleepiness. Currently, after three years, it has escalated to a point where I sleep up to 10 hours and still take short naps during the day, leaving me with no energy to function.Concerning sleep itself, I encounter strange hallucinations before falling asleep and during naps. I hear sounds, sometimes see things, as if I'm already asleep and dreaming even though I haven't fallen asleep yet. Additionally, about once every two weeks after waking up, I experience an olfactory hallucination – I smell an odor that doesn't exist. This happens after sleeping and lasts about 30 minutes to an hour (with the smell appearing for a few seconds intermittently during this time). I feel like I recognize the smell but can't name it, and it triggers a peculiar sensation in my body, often followed by slight twitching and intense coldness.Typically, when this smell occurs, my teeth and tongue ache the entire day (I also wear dental braces). Upon waking up, I frequently have vision problems, as if someone dropped a stone into water and made waves in it, blurring a point in my field of vision. The pulsating blurred spot in vision happens in the same spot in both eyes and subsides after a few seconds.I've observed that I remember a significant number of dreams (4-5 per night), and they are highly realistic and vivid. Occasionally, during a dream, I wake up to a loud ringing in one ear; it becomes 'quiet,' and I feel faint for a few seconds. All these symptoms, except for the ringing in the ear, occur only during sleep or immediately after waking up.As the quality of my sleep has significantly deteriorated, I lack the energy to function daily. I constantly feel the urge to sleep, and I'm starting to experience job and relationship losses. I have no idea which doctor to consult or what to investigate.The tests I've undergone so far include:MRI and CT of the head – clear.Vision tests – vision is clear, with no issues in the eye itself and its nerves (the doctor suggested that visual problems might be caused by something else in the body).Polysomnography – 5 AHI/hour, indicating very mild apnea. CPAP was tested but did not help.EEG for epilepsy – no abnormalities detected after a normal night's sleep.I would appreciate any assistance or guidance on where to go or what to investigate. Thank you in advance for any help.

Article: Hello,
  
    General info - Height: 5'1" Weight: 145lbs No smoking or recreational drug use. <1-2 cocktails a week.
  
    In September of 2022 I had a Kyleena IUD inserted. I was awake for the insertion and felt the typical amount of pain described. Afterward, I experienced severe cramping and minimal bleeding for a few hours. Beginning about 48 hours after the insertion I began having episodes of severe, sharp pain on the lower left side of my pelvis, just above and to the left of my pubic bone. The episodes would occur ~3-4 times daily and would last from 2-15 minutes each time. The pain was severe enough to cause me to have to sit on the ground in a huddle position in public, and affected my ability to perform my job.I brought this up to my OBGYN during the 4 week follow up visit, but I was told this was cramping, was normal, and would subside.The pain did not subside, and the episodes maintained the frequency mentioned above.On February 20, 2023 I saw a different OBGYN and described the issues I was having. She stated perhaps the IUD had shifted and this was the cause of the pain.She removed the IUD during that appointment.All pain episodes immediately stopped.I did not return to any form of birth control following this.
  

    On September 8, 2023 I experienced a miscarriage of a very early pregnancy (7 weeks). Following this I  continued to have bleeding/spotting and had a D&C performed on November 10, 2023 to remove tissue that had not been expelled during the miscarriage.During this procedure, my doctor recommend we try again and insert another IUD. OBGYN said it would be easier to place the IUD while I was already under general anesthesia for the D&C. This time I received Liletta.All was well. No complications in healing were noted following the procedure.However, again, beginning within about 48 hours after the insertion I am feeling the same exact pain as last time in the same exact spot.My main concern: I will spend another 5 months having multiple severe pain episodes a day with OBGYN telling me that it will subside.This pain does NOT feel like cramping. The pain is sharp, concentrated, and always in the same spot.Any ideas that I could suggest to OBGYN to work past this issue? IUD is the ideal BC for me at present, so I would like to keep it if I can.

Article: Age: 27
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 5'9"
  
    Weight: 160lb
  
    Race: White
  
    Duration of complaint: Every now and then for years
  
    I just pulled out a strangely thick hair-like object from my right eyebrow. It seems to come back in the same spot every few months or so, usually with me noticing a little bit of pain in the center of my eyebrow and a bristly-like object just beginning to poke out. The base of it is seems a little sticky. Comparison of normal eyebrow hair next to the thick hair in the photo below.
  
    Is it pili multigemini? Something else?
  
    Photo: https://imgur.com/a/nfhyRis

Article: I’m 24F, he’s 19M, 5’7, 94 pounds.
  
    I’ve been in and out of the hospital with my little brother for the past 3 months due to sudden onset of dyspnea, voice hoarseness, and widespread muscle weakness. Other symptoms include widespread twitching (which he says feels like muscles vibrating and he has small involuntary movements that accompany them).  Any joint hurts after using it (fingers, ankles, knees mostly).
  
    Here’s some clips on what his muscles do when he contracts them: https://imgur.com/a/1xzdEIO

    Me and our brother are his only support system and I’d like to know what’s going on with him. We’re in South America where healthcare is very low quality. I’m spending all my money in taking him to the best places possible but nothing helps.
  
    For 3-5 years before this episode, his only symptoms were waking up with very painful cramps on both his legs, and would get painful jaw cramps when yawning. He’s always been very uncoordinated. He also has a history of being underweight, malnutrition and persistent mouth/tongue sores with recurrent respiratory infections (mostly sore throat and stuffy nose, no coughing or fever). He also has severe IBS which was under control until the beginning of this year when he began having long-lasting diarrheas that lasted weeks (he used to recover from them in the 2-3 days).
  
    Tests/Results:
  
    Neurological testing revealed hyperreflexia, spasticity in legs, positive Romberg and heel-to-shin test, positive babinsky and hoffman. He has abnormal gait and when he walks, he moves his entire torso forward and backward. If he stands with his two feet together and eyes open, his entire body starts losing balance and then starts wiggling sideways and forward/backward again. If he sits up straight with his back/neck stretched out, he stars falling to the right side. finger-to-nose test was normal.
  


    Tested negative for all autoantibodies (scleroderma, lupus, myositis, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis). CRP and ESR within normal limits. Normal CK enzyme. Normal B12. All routine blood tests normal. Normal TSH/T4/T3.
  


    MRI of brain and spine showed no lesions but “abnormally enlarged ventricles taking into account patient’s age”.
  
    EMG was done on four limbs but no paraspinal/bulbar muscles and showed “Results within normal limits. Discrete fibrillations and increased insertional activity found in right trapezoid and deltoid muscles” which both the neurophysiologist and neurologist disregarded as incidental findings. Motor and sensory NCS was normal.
  
    His neurologist told me (and I quote) she is “stumped” with his case and she said she’d look for second opinions. It’s already been 2 weeks almost, and I’m tired of waiting. There are no appointments available with anyone else and I’d like to have a hint of an idea of what’s happening to him.
  
    I’m not in the US so there are no specialized clinics here or anything like that. She’s trying to get an appointment for us with a neuromuscular specialist but they are extremely scarce and the dude said he couldn’t see us cause his schedule was full for that week.

Article: 41F - Contrast CT b/c mild stomach discomfort and flank pain on both sides
  
    Multiple hypodense lesions present scattered throughout the liver.  The largest in the left lob segment 11 measures 1 cm and appears to show peripheral nodular discontinous enhancement.  A second lesion near the dome of the liver also appears to show nodular enhancement.  There is no intrahepatic or extrahepatic biliary dilation.
  
    Impression - Multiple hypodense lesions within the liver as described are not fully characterized on single phase exam but appear to represent hemangiomas.
  
    I spoke to radiologist and he said he saw a total of 5 lesions.  The other ones not mentioned were tiny and very hard to see the peripheral enhancement on venous phase.  Having said that, he could see a hint of nodular peripheral enhancement on one of the tiny ones.  The largest of the small ones is 3/8 so very hard to see.  He said he is 99.9% sure they are all hemangiomas and not to worry but did say I did a MRI liver mass protocol for a definitive answer.  I said could this be METS and he just said, it is not Mets.
  
    Of course, I am worried. Does what he said sound correct? Could the ones he saw with peripheral enhancement be hemangiomas but the others not? Is it concerning to have 5? What are your thoughts? The thought of waiting weeks to get back in has me stressed.

Article: I, 25F have sharted (shit while farting) I’d say 3 days in the last month.
  
    Not consecutively and not all day the first 2 times. This last tame started yesterday. I took a BM early at work. I wipe until the TP is white and I continue on my day. But the entire day upto and including this morning, if I fart i will end up wiping my ass like I left it dirty. Its happened every time I’ve gone pee.
  
    I can’t find any rhyme or reason. I started changing my diet and eating healthier about 4 months ago. I usually only eat 1-2 meals a day. And I eat the same things: grapes, apples, bananas, peanuts, cashews, strawberries, ice cream, pretzels and chips for snacks; stir fry, pasta, eggs with a carb, Thai curry, for meals (lunch options are limited around here.) there’s been no real change since this started happening other than we stopped getting Indian food every Friday this past month (samosa chaat and chicken tika Marsala) and Halloween candy.
  
    I take birth control and smoke weed 2-3 days a week to help with my muscle pains. I have fibromyalgia, anxiety, depression and OCD. My BM has always been a little weird. I only poop once every 2 days or so, but I’ve pooped 4 times in the past 2 days. I feel gross and dirty and like I can’t keep myself clean

Article: Age 28
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 5,7
  
    Weight 220
  
    Race White
  
    Few days ago I had a bad panic attack and couldn’t get my heart to slow down because it was beating really fast..after a few hours It calmed down to normal but ever since my chest has been sore should I go to the er and get it checked out?

Article: My mom (female, not smoker, going to turn 50 soon)  has immense headaches on regular basis. Currently, she had been feeling pain constantly for few days, she said that it's in the front part of the skull above her left eye to around the half of her sculp. Today, as I am writing this, the pain is so immense she can barely do anything. She has been to the doctor, neurologist, and he told her that she has 3 types of headaches at once but he didn't really help much, just gave some pills to ease the pain, not to actually treat the headaches. I want to really help my mom, do u have any suggestions, ideas, anything that could help her?

Article: Age - 35
  
    Sex - Male
  
    Race - White
  
    Weight - 230
  
    Duration - 1 week
  
    Medical History - Anxiety, Depression, ADHD
  
    Current Meds - Wellbutrin(200mg), Venlafaxine (35.5mg)
  
    I recently had Venlafaxine added to my prescriptions I am taking. I haven't been sleeping very well (just not feeling tired, constantly feeling wide awake) which I knew could happen, that's all fine and good. I am a bit jittery as well, with the inability to really sit still. The weird thing I'm having though is that I feel like I can't control my hands at times? I don't really know how else to explain it... Basically, my hands will just grip really hard while being extremely shaky. It doesn't last long, maybe 3-5 seconds when it does happen, but it is very unnerving when my body is doing something like that without me consciously trying to do so. Is this a normal side effect? Is this something I should bring up with my doctor? Or is it just part of the jittery-ness that will likely subside after getting more used to the medication?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 19M, 5'6, 66kg. The only existing medical issue i'm aware of is scoliosis and low blood pressure. I don't drink, smoke or use drugs, and i'm in Italy.
  
    I'm unsure when it started exactly, but it has probably been atleast 6-8 months. During the day i'm usually doing various things and don't think about my water intake nearly as much as i should, but more recently i've been noticing how i'll have a 1,5 liter bottle of water sitting by me for multiple days. The only time where i drink a bit more is when i go to the gym, and at best it's half a liter. I don't drink soda, and whenever i do push myself to drink some water, not too long after and i pass it right out with clear urine as if i was drinking too much.
  
    This would all be fine and dandy to me even if a bit weird, but i've been noticing how every now and then i just have moments of extreme lightheadedness, weakness and confusion that have never happened to me before, and could only connect it to my water intake since i've had blood pressure problems since forever and its never done this.
  
    If i try to drink past a certain amount of water i'll literally have to go to the bathroom multiple times in the same hour, and it also doesn't feel good at all. The only reason i haven't gone to get this checked out is because it's not a problem that impacts how i feel all the time, it's just sometimes i have these weird moments that i described earlier.
  
    What should i do?

Article: Hello all, I’ve (M25) been seeing multiple ENT specialists and primary care doctors for this issue and none of them have turned up any useful information the entire past year, so I turn to you for help with my next steps.
  
    My primary issue is that on both sides of the center of my throat, there is something causing clicking, and it causes me sharp and also lingering pain, and can even get so bad as to cause headaches and nausea from time to time just because of how uncomfortable I become. After doing research I’m unsure what it is aside from possibly something called a clicking hyoid, and even then I’m not sure because I worry they could be lumps of some kind.
  
    I’ve gotten a CT scan, ultrasound, and x-ray of my neck and upper body and they pulled up nothing, so is it safe to rule out cancer or anything just yet? The doctors seemed to think so.
  
    Another issue I’m having is with lots of mucus buildup and foam in my throat. Sometimes this makes it difficult to burp and it sometimes even feels like my airways are being constricted while I lay down. I also have issues with snoring and am unsure if these are related to either of the above.
  
    I have no prior history of medical issues, though my mother has had breast cancer.
  
    Thank you for any advice you can give, it would really help with figuring out what is going on with me!
  
    Edit: I’m 5’ 11” and ~235 lbs. in case that information is relevant!

Article: Hello, I'm lance, male, 20 years old. I have this red spot on my finger, I recently got into an accident where the middle of my nail is cut along with my nail fold. I don't know if its a dried blood on my finger but no matter how many times I wash it, it stays there. And I'm overthinking if its a mole? Like melanoma haha

Article: Hey all. End of September I was dealing with Covid for the 2nd time, and I primarily dealt with upper respiratory and acid reflux. A week or 2 after recovery, morning after eating pizza it’s like a switch has flipped. I had intense bloating and abdominal pain, burning, sweating, no appetite, throat felt full, and I panicked.
  
    Prior to this experience, I also began to have anxiety out of nowhere. I have never dealt with it but it came out of nowhere. I feel like it also spiraled me into this. I decided to go to my urgent care clinic, and the doctor there checked my vitals and gave me an EKG which was good. She suspected it to be acute gastritis. So she prescribed 20mg of omeprazole. I took it for about 4 days and I wasn’t feeling any better, so I finally decided to go to my PCP. I was starting to lose weight from not eating, and he was concerned so he ordered some tests. I got my bloodwork done and everything was fine, just a low AST value which probably meant my vitamin B was low. Also my IGA level was a little low but my TTG IGA antibody was perfect.
  
    Stool test as well, tested for H pylori, celiac, calprotectin, parasites, etc. Those results also came back normal. So at this point I’m just at loss. I was hoping for a positive for h pylori so I could finally just treat myself. Then I had a whole ordeal ordering my CT scan bc my insurance said it wasn’t “necessary”. Finally got it though and it’s tomorrow, but I’m just freaking out. Past few weeks I have tried hard to stick to a bland diet, had some minor setbacks thinking I was better since I felt good for a few days. Had black pepper the other night and it absolutely destroyed me.
  
    I’m constantly weighing myself and have become a hypochondriac because I just want an answer. I’m always looking at myself in the mirror. It’s not like I’m a twig right now, I’m 5’10 177 currently (used to weigh around 183-185). But I myself notice it. I’m constantly looking for reassurance from my mom, who is a nurse, and my girlfriend.
  
    I just feel weak overall and have 0 motivation. I like to stay home all day and dwell in my room. I want this to be over and I want to have my life back. I will say my diet prior to this was not great. As a college student who commutes an hour to school, I would go without eating the entire day until I got home and absolutely gorged into the food. I was also infamous for eating super late and laying down right after eating. I also used to drink seltzer drinks a lot, no soda though.
  
    Some of my symptoms have subsided. But I wake up in the morning with intense anxiety and some nausea. Deal with acid reflux occasionally so I take famotadine for that. I just want a fricken answer, not sure if it’s gerd, gastritis, or both idk. If my CT comes back clean I don’t know what to do. I might try to push for an endoscopy but they are literally months out which is ridiculous.
  
    I’ve also been dealing with muscle twitching lately, in my right arm, eyelid, legs, feet, etc. I stopped taking my multivitamin because it has citric acid and sugar, which I feel like would cause me to flare up.
  
    If anyone can relate or just provide some guidance, it would be greatly appreciated. Sorry for the long shpeel!

Article: F21 recently i’ve been waking up in the middle of the night, with a sharp stabbing pain on the left side of my chest. It usually goes away within a minute or two and i can’t barely remember waking up from it anymore.
  
    when the pain goes away i fall right back asleep. It doesn’t happen during the day at all either. As far as i can remember it’s usually once a night, every night.
  
    I’m not sure what would cause this? I get heart palpitations during the day and i do have some stomach issues but it feels nothing like that and it’s painful enough to wake me. Thoughts?

Article: It's been a week later and I struggled to fall asleep until 6:00am this morning and now I'm barely up drinking tons of caffeine to wake up and I can't even keep focus in my morning meetings. This has been my routine for 2 years now. I can't keep it up. I'm going to break.
  
    Located in Canada 32yo and desperate for answers cause right now I'm really upset and feel trapped in a medical spiral. I can't function like this much longer, I'm begging for help at this point. I'm not getting answers anywhere and I'm literally crying into a void I feel so helpless so yeah I'm gonna ask here cause it seems everyone thinks I just want to get "JACKED" and be "HARD"... I'm just a regular everyday nerdy guy I haven't even been to a gym in YEARS!
  
    I really do not understand why I wasn't given HRT a week ago and want to know why I wouldn't be given it when I'm quite confident I am the ideal candidate right now. (I don't want to even call it TRT-- I'm not a gymrat, I'm the furthest thing from a bodybuilder, I'm not looking for sports performance, I'm looking to be able to function in my day to day! I'm a NERD!!!).
  
    It sounded more like he was worried about my little bit of body fat and wanted to put me on ozempic. (I have no chin due to severe underbite I've always had my entire life and had to shave for a different thing, so I had no beard to hide my lack of chin so my bit of weight looked way heavier on me than it is. I'm ~220lbs right now at 5'10 and a shoulder span that fits a door I'm not a small dude even if I was anorexic and I was once upon a time) Frankly ozempic scares me a lot more than TRT based on studies and people's stories coming out, and feels like it's attacking a symptom (excess fat deposits, which have been directly aimed at being a symptom of low testosterone levels).
  
    My diet has no pop in it to cut out, my diet has no chips to cut out, my diet does not involve walmart cakes or ice creams or whatever.  If I did then sure I'd say yeah cut out the diet and get to the gym. But I really don't, frankly most days I don't eat enough cause I am too tired/unmotivated to even get up and cook.
  
    My parents say it's cause I'm lazy too. And I'm like maybe? I just can't make up the drive when I'm tired from work to cook a meal. I just can't. My life now I see my test results I can tell is falling apart because of hormones and I can't do squat about it. I'm "low mood" I'm not motivated, I'm tired and it's a perpetual wheel.
  
Symptoms:

    Constant fatigue regardless of sleep, regardless of diet, regardless of stimulation. Extreme emotional outbursts and emotional swings at times. Completely dysregulated sleep because it's super incredibly hard to initially fall asleep (once I'm asleep it's not a problem, I definitely don't have sleep apnea) like I'll spend hours rolling in bed. I struggle to keep focus thorough the day.
  
    Is this impacting my day to day? Yes 100%. My sleep has become "biphasic" where I am pushing at my ( job and then I'm so fatigued overtired that I either go to my bed and lay down or I'm going to fall over in my chair. (I'm just a WFH desk job not a physical job at all I shouldn't be this tired). My job is also definitely at risk because of lack of focus and I've been zoning out of meetings and been spacey and all the rest. I'm going to lose my job at this rate.
  
    1.) Back in May I got this testosterone test
  


    Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final May 25, 2023 04:00 PM Testosterone, Total 6.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Below normal range
  


    This wasn't even being actively searched for, this was taken as a part of me non-stop complaining (and I was complaining since last year, mid-late 2022 I was disastrously tired and only in May did I find this result! I was laid off of my last job in Septermber no doubt in part of how fatigued I was! This is DIRECTLY RUINING MY LIFE.)
  
    But testosterone didn't pass my mind. Thought thyroid stimulating hormone (my dad and sister are on that) or something else. I have never and will never go to a doctor outright demanding "gym performance" drugs
  
    2.) Months later followup tests (I almost had a breakdown when I found out how long I had to wait)
  
    I'll just copy/paste the entire screen and put test at the top. I know SHBG and LH and the rest impact it so I won't just ignore it.
  


    Testosterone, Free Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Free 237.8 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 175.0-700.0 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  


    For free testosterone for a 32Y old male this is super low, also this is being taken at the start of the morning from the timing and so my levels just absolutely tank later in the day. Also from what I've been told this reference range includes everything from young males all the way to 80 year old men.
  
    I am not okay being at the level of an 80 year old man at 32!
  
    2. Testosterone, Total, Random Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Testosterone, Total 8.7 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 8.0-35.0 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    Same thing as above, why is this okay? This is clearly pushing the absolute bottom of the barrel first thing in the morning. I'm about to have a breakdown even as I read this. How does this not fully indicate that I have a huge testosterone problem?
  
    3.) Rest of the results
  3. Glucose, Fasting Status:Final Oct 27, 2023 12:12 PM Glucose, Fasting 4.7 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 3.3-6.0 (mmol/L) Abnormality: - Hours Fasting 8.0 hour(s) Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
    Abnormality: -
  
    4. Prolactin Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Prolactin 16.9 ug/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <21.0 (ug/L) Abnormality: -
  
    5.  Calcium Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Calcium 2.40 mmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 2.10-2.60 (mmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    6. Estradiol Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Estradiol 66 pmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <160 (pmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    7. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) 3.4 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <7.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    8. Cortisol, AM Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Cortisol AM 688 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 120-620 (nmol/L) Abnormality: Above normal range
  
    9. Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) 2.52 mIU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 0.20-6.50 (mIU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    10. .Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Luteinizing Hormone (LH) 2.0 IU/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): <12.0 (IU/L) Abnormality: -
  
    11. Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) 44 ng/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 15-65 (ng/L) Abnormality: -
  
    12. Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) 16 nmol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 6-65 (nmol/L) Abnormality: -
  
    13. Creatinine Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Creatinine 84 umol/L Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 50-120 (umol/L) Abnormality: - eGFR 106 mL/min/1.73m2 Status: Final Reference Range (Units):
  

    59 (mL/min/1.73m2) Abnormality: -
  

    14. Hemoglobin A1c Status:Final Sep 1, 2023 09:55 AM Hemoglobin A1c 5.6 % Status: Final Reference Range (Units): 4.3-5.9 (%) Abnormality: -
  
    Honestly I'm at the point where I don't know why the hesitancy at all for me. I've been struggling since late 2022 (at the least) with this exhaustion thinking it was something else and finally got results in May to show low testosterone.
  
    I'm not okay. I do not understand why the hesitancy meanwhile we have trans individuals (rightfully so) get this on a regular basis for gender affirming care. Is it not safe? Like I feel I'm being given a run around.
  
    I want to be able to function. I can't even bring up the motivation to make a meal for myself to eat let alone drive to the gym or anything else. I don't even shower anymore becauwse it's so exhausting. This is literally ruining my life.

Article: I have a high pain tolerance (according to a neurologist who performed a sensory test on me 15+ years ago, needles inserted throughout my body).
  
    When I first got an IUD 7 years ago, I went to a clinic. Once I secured an ob/gyn (new insurance), I notified them of the cramping I was enduring, and they discovered the IUD was inserted improperly/not fully in. They replaced it via ultrasound, and for the second time in my life, I nearly passed out due to the pain.
  
    I'm now anxious about the upcoming replacement, and as I was researching online and Reddit, a nurse suggested I ask for a misoprostol to soften the cervix. They called and said they normally do not prescribe this to patients any more, but they will call it in since I've asked for it.
  
    Is there a reason why this isn't advised? I told them I'm willing to take their suggestions, but last time, I had to lay in the office for 30 minutes after nearly passing out.
  
    What's the consensus on this?
  
    My ex had pain meds with his vasectomy...all they've suggested is ibuprofen prior to the procedure, , but that doesn't do much for my pain, in any case.
  
    Thank you

Article: I’ve been having a weird eye thing going on for about 9 months.
  
    If I look at a fixed object, keep looking at it and lower my head down, I see a black circle appear in each eye. The more I tilt my head down, the darker the circles get. As soon as I lift my head up they go away.
  
    37F, very obese (working on it!), daily vape usage. Depression/anxiety (lexapro and lamictal), migraines 4-5x monthly (sumatriptan PRN). I’m very nearsighted (20/500, 20/600) and wear contacts daily (-7.5). My mom has macular degeneration.
  
    What’s going on and should I be worried?

Article: I've already booked a visit with an ent, but what is wrong with my tonsils? Is that just a normal way tonsils look? 31F, 5'5'', 160lbs. I think it started looking like this about a year ago but I'm honestly not sure, I can't remember exactly what my tonsils looked like a year or 2 ago.
  
    Last edit: photo link posted under the stickied comment (I'm not sure where should I put it)

Article: F28 120lbs 163cm
  
    I have nasal polyposis, allergies, asthma, the works. My polyps are very bad right now which affects how bad my asthma is. For context, I usually walk everywhere because I live right downtown. I can no longer walk to work (20 min away) and sometimes have trouble even walking to the grocery store (4 min away). Real exercise is not even a slight possibility
  
    I was put on a new routine of
  
    Flovent 2 puffs twice a day Ventolin 2 puffs twice a day
  
    And seriously, I feel addicted to the pumps. They open up my chest so much….I feel immediate relief Did not feel like this with symbicort, is this normal or am I going crazy?

Article: Just got my blood work back today and everything was perfect with the exception of having high bilirubin 1.8. I had blood work 9 months ago and it was 1.9. After the first test I have since been put on ozempic and Vyvanse and my PCP said she will monitor the bilirubin levels but suspects it is due to my prescriptions. My concern is that it is the second time it has been high consecutively, is this something that I should seek care for sooner than later? Or is it ok to monitor this a little bit longer. Just some background, I've lost about 70 pounds since the first blood work and still working for more. I'm a non smoker that drinks maybe once a month (But should note I did indulge a bit about 3 nights prior to getting the blood work)

Article: 46F, stage 4 endo (waiting on surgery). Depoprovera, NSAIDs
  
    If you start with a clean bowel (after say colonoscopy or diarrhea), what is the average time it takes from the time you eat something to the time you have to poop?

Article: Hi all,
  
    25M, 5’5” 185lbs. First of all I should say I’m typing this now while on a five-hour flight from DC to Seattle. I take testosterone/arimidex, finasteride, methylphenidate ER, propranolol (prehypertensive for the last year), and am allergic to penicillin.
  
    Two weeks ago, I presented to the ER due to dull achy pain in my right leg. It’s nonspecific, but I have sharp pain at times in between the joints. At that time, my leg looked completely fine and has not visually changed. Remaining stationary tends to increase the pain. I experience brief relief when I stand up/sit down, but only for the initial 1-2 minutes until it starts again. Pain is constantly at least level 2 but sometimes spikes to level 6/7 in random places on my right leg. It does seem to be most painful at my hip and knee joints.
  
    During 1st ER visit, I was echo scanned for DVT because I have secondary erythrocytosis (managed by hematological oncologist) and was concerned about blood clot. Negative for DVT and was also tested for STIs except syphilis (which I had a false positive for a few months ago.) They told me my CBC was normal even though RBC, Monocytes, and ALT are slightly elevated. I was told to follow up with GP for sciatica. I do have a history of sciatica but this feels different.
  
    I followed up that week with both GP and hemotological oncologist. GP seems to think this is anxiety/stress because I do have a history of overreaction to medical events. Hemotological oncologist said my RBC was high again and performed venesection during our visit that week.
  
    A couple days later, this past Sunday, I went back to the ER as the pain had worsened and spread. Was told to take NSAIDs around the clock and to start a 21 pill steroid pack. They did an XRAY as I requested because no other imaging was done until then except ultrasound. XRAY came back normal and I was sent on my way. No bloodwork was done at this visit.
  
    I am now on day 3 of steroid pack, taking any/all NSAIDs I can find, and I have been taking some gabapentin I was prescribed a few months ago for cannabis withdrawal (for context: I was trying to quit but was unsuccessful.) I am sitting on this plane and I feel achy, cold, didn’t sleep well, and my leg hurts more than ever. Occasionally I am getting sharp pain in my right shoulder and left buttock. I have a migraine on the right side of my head today, as well.
  
    Am I crazy or should I go to the ER a third time when I land? I don’t like wasting the ER’s time/resources but I am young, relatively healthy, and now all this is happening rather acutely. Sciatica or some sort of infection? HELP!! I don’t want to suffer unnecessarily because some doctors aren’t being thorough.
  
    If so, any hospital recommendations in Seattle? I have good insurance 0% copay.

Article: 40 yr old AFr.Am. Female 5' 5 208lbs
  
    This started on October 17th after doing a short 2 mile walk exercise at home via youtube video. The next day my private area became numb and over the next couple of days it got worse. I could still use the bathroom normally but the feeling was strange. Then i noticed my feet and legs became numb and tingly then it went up to  my trunk area and then hands. Everything is now back to normal except the trunk area and hands which are the worse. I notice when i bend my neck i get the feeling in my back and sometimes it feels like electricity going into my hands and legs (lhermittes sign) i had this before about a year ago but it went away.
  

    Went to the ER and had an MRI and bloodwork done and they said it came back good but when i went to  my doc and she reviewed the results it said something about stenosis. I was told a year ago that i have mild lower cervical spondylosis and was told to do exercises for it. I thought this was what was causing the lhermittes sign but i dont know. I went to see a neurologist and she did a physical exam and that was good and im set to see her again in 2 weeks. She thinks the cause was stopping my anxiety meds suddenly after running out and not being able to get them for a few weeks after. The numbness and tingling in my hands is whats bothering me the worse. why has everything else gotten better except that and wouldnt the MRI have shown lesions because now im worried about MS because of the lhermittes sign.
  
    Medicines i take: Sertraline 150mg, Metoprolol Succ.50mg and B complex vitamin

Article: I'm 43 year old male. 5' 10" 175lbs with a history of high liver function tests. It started 9 years ago. I was a heavy in drinker in 20's and 30's. I started getting high LFT results back in 2014. The last 9 years my LFT's have gone from extermely high ALT 331 and AST 156 then back to normal just in July I was at AST 22 and ALT 41. I've stopped drinking altogether her and there and I went to the DR and he said I can go back to normal drinking standards 2 drinks per day. Well I did and I went to get tested yesterday and I am AST 27 and ALT 77. I have extreme itching all over my body which I think may be related to this. Why would just 2 drinks a day spike my ALT up again (By the way I don't drink every day I probably have 2 beers 4 days a week)After you've had a history of high LFT can you ever go back to drinking again or is your liver forever going to be sensitive to any alcohol?

Article: 23F, 5'6" 189lb Needing some help here as my doctors are just as confused as I am.
  
    Starting Dec 2022 I started having morning nausea. This progressed to morning vomiting daily. The moment I wake up I feel nauseous and throw up or dry heave shortly after. This happens usually within the first hour I'm awake. It also feels like my gag reflex is highly sensitive.
  
    Recently it has progressed to vomiting all food and liquids and diarrhea so had to stay in the ER  to get rehydrated.
  
    My doctors are at a loss for what it could be. I do use cannabis for the nausea, but the vomiting started well before I started using it so its not CHS. I do get little mild headaches sometimes but I believe that its because I'm dehydrated.
  
    My doctors ordered a bunch of stool tests and an upper endoscopy, but they admitted that they are at a loss.
  
    Anyone seen this presentation before? Any help would be appreciated.

Article: I (31F, 112lbs, 5’1, no drugs or alcohol) was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease (NMOSD) last year. I was prescribed clonazepam to help with motor tics and anxiety. I got pregnant in July and stopped taking my clonazepam. My anxiety was at its peak and I had difficulties sleeping. I had a missed miscarriage discovered at first ultrasound. I’d like to get pregnant again soon and am wondering if I’d be able to continue to take my clonazepam to avoid the anxiety like the first time. I can’t get in my OB until I’m actually pregnant and at the 8 week mark.
  
    TIA!

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: As the title says, I woke up this morning and couldn't feel my right arm. I've had this happen a couple times before, but never to this extent: in those occasions, I'd get a tingly feeling and then shake my arm and everything would go back to normal. This time, however, the tingly feeling was different and then I realised I literally could not feel my right arm at all: I grabbed it with my left hand and it was dead weight, I was able to "artificially" move it up and down a couple of times before I started feeling it again and when this happened, I checked my right hand and it was dark red at the bottom of the palm and also dark red in some knuckles (2nd, 3rd and 5th fingers, I believe).
  
    It's worth noting that this always happens with my arm in an "L" shape upwards, with my hand often underneath my head and my shoulder at the end of my pillow. Could I be somehow pinching a nerve in that position? Is it something else? Should I be concerned?

Article: I've recently noticed a strange issue with my hearing. I listen to music on my laptop while I'm working and it sounds like the EQ settings are changing every minute or so. For example if you were to switch between rock/flat/bass/pop.
  
    I have had some tinnitus for the last few years. It's a bit annoying but it doesn't stop me from sleeping.
  
    I've checked that there isn't anything whacky going on with my laptop - I've sat and watched the volume/EQ and they stay the same.
  
    Interestingly, I've never noticed this while wearing earbuds.
  
    Height - 180cm
  
    Weight - 80kg
  
    Race - White European
  
    Duration - Every few minutes while listening to music on my laptop
  
    Drink - Yes
  
    Smoke - No
  
    Recreational drugs - No
  
    Country - Scotland

Article: Hi, I had "sciatica" like numbness and electric shot pain in my left foot from the buttocks down to the foot for almost two months. Doctor back then said it was long covid, back MRI was clean.
  
    Following those two months I started having weakness in my left leg - general fatigue and clinical weakness in the hip flexor and dorsiflexor.
  
    31F previously active and healthy.
  
    Can the sciatica pain that I had damage the peroneal nerve and cause the weakness?
  
    One more detail not sure if relevant: I tend to sir on my left foot and sleep on my left side.
  
    Any insight will be highly appreciated!

Article: The = equals sign in the title is a mistake, it was supposed to be a plus +.
  
    Sorry for the wall of text, wanted to include detailed symptoms but tried to keep it as brief as possible (and did a poor job at it). Feel free to just scroll down for the results of the checkup I had a few days ago that I got today.
  
    35M chronology:
  
    Was having weird aches and pains in body in June, got blood and ultrasound checked, ALT 66 and mild NAFLD confirmed via ultrasound. Changed diet completely, never eaten healthier, only white meat and no fast food or bad fats, lowered carb intake. Also got vitamin D supplements because it was deficient.
  
    A few weeks before the above, in May, I had Covid, mostly mild.
  
    Some two months ago, in early October, I started getting unusual systemic symptoms. They were mild and mostly not too debilitating, but scary and uncomfortable.
  
    My symptoms started with fatigue and muscle pain in hips-thighs (similar to post-exercise pain, but without exercise), sometimes transient lightheadedness. I also got mild skin flushing and redness/warmth in face and arms particularly, this would increase with heat and kind of come and go during the day. The flushing in my arms and hands had a granular visual quality to it upon looking closely, but it was completely flat, painless and not itchy, and would disappear. Didn't react to antihistamines that I've noticed. Got my blood checked, everything normal, my ALT had reduced to 37 and doctor couldn't feel the fatty liver any more. I was told it's probably a reaction to the viral infection.
  
    Then these symptoms partly diminished (except the flushing, which continued) and got replaced with migratory aches in tendons (asymmetric, a few joints every day, not bone or muscle pain but tendon pain that felt a bit better with massaging the area) that would often get quite uncomfortable. These aches moved around my body but were most uncomfortable in my fingers and thighs and hips. Didn't affect the back or neck, only the limbs.
  
    As joint pains faded, I started getting random mild swelling in hands and feet, mostly on the right side of the body. Also uncomfortable vascular pains: it felt like blood would pool up in my lower legs and in my arms when they were lowered, but this wasn't always the case, only sporadically. My arms would get quite red and feel heavy, upon elevating them they would turn white after a few seconds and feel better. Blood vessels became quite more visible and I had random aches and pains around my body and especially my limbs. The worst was my lower right leg in the calf and top and side of the ankle where the pain was getting to the point where it messed with my daily functioning. Was also getting weird little transient headaches in the front of my head, and sometimes pressure in the temples.
  
    Went to the doc, he told me the joint pain was reactive arthritis and that it would most often pass on its own. My blood was fine, but Uric Acid was 8.5 (despite me not drinking or eating most things that elevate it). I got allopurinol for that. I also started drinking 100mg aspirin as well as magnesium citrate. A few days before the checkup I had a sudden high fever for around six hours in the evening, with moderate digestive discomfort, but I think this was an unrelated food bug. Fever was gone next morning and I felt amazing. A few days after this and drinking the uric acid meds and aspirin and I am mostly fine, with some residual discomfort but nothing too bad. It's like the whole thing mostly just passed. I had no respiratory problems during all of this.
  
    I did a full body medical checkup a few days ago that I have with my insurance.
  
Checkup:

    No inflammatory markers, protein in urine or unusual blood values (nor did I have any of these at any time), except %LUC 5.9 and LYMPH 1.18. Doc said that's unremarkable and not a big deal, my %LYMPH is 21.4. Sugar is normal, as is all else.
  
    Hormones normal.
  
    Ultrasound found 2-3 small kidney stones in one kidney (<3mm), this is new. When I told the doctor doing the ultra that I had NAFLD, she said she doesn't see anything like that, but that the liver color is very slightly off (should be same as kidney, was slightly less dark), but so slight that she wasn't even going to mention it on the report. No swelling or irregularities of any kind.
  
    The only thing that worries is that my ALT is now 111 (12-78 good range), and AST is 43 (15-37 good range). For comparison, back in June when my ALT was 66, the normal range was 10-50, but this test was done in a different lab. My alt was 37 in Ocotber when my NAFLD was already in remission.
  
    The doctor thought it might just be an acute reaction and that I should do a follow up in a month and see if the values are still high.
  
    I have no Hepatitis-specific symptoms that I'm aware of like jaundice, stool color. My appetite is fine, I have no nausea, itching or bleeding issues. In fat, I feel better than I have in weeks. I have let myself go on the bad diet in the last weeks, but not as badly as I was when I was diagnosed with NAFLD in June.
  
    So I don't know, trying not to worry and will just go back to eating healthy and trying to exercise.
  
    Can it be that if this was long covid, it just screwed with the liver a bit? Can ALT and AST fluctuate so wildly over the months in case of actual liver disease? From 66 to 37 to 111 in 4 months?
  
    Of course, any insight is more than welcome, but I know this is very non-specific.

Article: So I had wrapped my ankle with a ace bandage not for existing swelling but just to bandage the area with some wounds cause I'm allergic to adhesive bandaids.
  
    I stupidly wrapped my area clearly too tight while I was half asleep
  
    My toes swelling went down fast but my foot still looks like a football after 3 hrs. Should I be worried or I am I just being impatient?
  
    I forgot to mention but once I woke up & noticed it was swollen, I unwrapped it immediately.
  
    F23

Article: Female, aged 23, height 5'4, weight 107.9, white, no drugs or drinking. Dusty metal broke skin a few days (11/11) ago, don't have a tetanus booster (got my last TDAP shot at 11, 23 now), noticed beginning Sunday (a day after) up till now my muscles are achy despite me not doing anything, what do I do? Being told I'm overreacting by family and that they 'forbid me to get the booster' and that it 'can cause more harm' but my muscles feel sore in my upper back mainly and back of neck and I don't know what to do. Also scared of adverse reactions the booster but also scared of tetanus and I'm just nervous and don't know what to do. Please advise.

Article: 29F, no significant medical hx, active lifestyle and healthy weight
  
    Received these results (pictured on post below). I will be doing a colpo and ecc in a couple of weeks. I understand the next steps are dependent on those results but just wondering if anyone has recommendations to preserve my fertility, such as LEEP vs cryo?
  
    I’ve been reading online and just a little overwhelmed with some info saying it doesn’t affect fertility and others saying it does. I just want to know what direction to look towards before my appt with the MD.
  
    Thank you!!
  
    I’m a little worried, I know I shouldn’t be assuming it’ll be cancer or even precancerous but it’s hard to stop the mind from racing.

Article: Hi. 19M, 6’5, 200lbs. I vaped for around 2 years, but quit on November 1st. I’ve been having this sort of stabbing, duller pain in the bottom area of my rib cage on both sides. It’s probably been around a month. I went up north with my gf and I had some pain there, but it wasn’t really worrisome until halloween. Sometimes it feels like its my ribs and sometimes it feels like its under my ribs. I’ve been struggling with health anxiety a lot recently and I’ve had 2 panic attacks in two weeks. Sunday night was the worst. I had like 10 hypnic jerks and I almost fell asleep but my whole body felt like a heart beat and it was extremely fast. I’ve felt extremely off, I’ve also lost my appetite. I don’t know if thats because of my anxiety or not. I haven’t had my bloodwork done in a long time but I assume I’m deficient in every vitamin. Mainly D. I keep checking my nails to see if they’re turning blue.  My postures also kind of fucked so I think that could have something to do with it. I’ve been extremely stressed outside of my health as well, my gf said my back feels like a rock its so tense. I have no cough but I have some post nasal drip with clear mucus. I’m freaking out. Should I go to the doctor? Is it just bad anxiety? Do I have cystic fibrosis? Wtf is going on.

Article: (M62) In June 2023, my ferritin levels were 15 ng/mL, but they have now risen to 677 ng/mL. Similarly, my iron levels increased from 43 u/dL to 185 ug/dL during the same period, without any history of iron supplementation.
  
    In terms of liver health, my ALT was within the normal range at 30 IU/L in June 2023, but it has since elevated to 56 IU/L.
  
    I was diagnosed with primary polycythemia vera and initially prescribed hydroxyurea in June. However, after a month on this medication without improvement with PV blood levels and noticing an increase in ALT levels, I switched to Jakafi. Subsequently, all my PV-related blood work normalized after a few weeks on Jakafi. Despite this, my recent ALT test still shows elevated levels.
  
    The question arises whether there is a potential connection between the high ferritin/iron levels and the elevated ALT. 
  
    Would love some input.
  
    Thanks

Article: Dear doctors (or self proclaimed ones) of Reddit,
  
    Male, 21, 182cm, 85kg.
  
    I’ve been experiencing shortness of breath for a little over 2 years now. Life has drastically changed ever since.
  
    It started with breathlessness after exertion, then progressed to even when rested.
  
    I’ve even had moments where I’m unable to take a breath and inhale, so much so I’m cold sweating and dizzy - ambulances were called but no issues found upon arrival due to them arriving after the episode of breathlessness has passed.
  
    symptoms include -
  


    Difficulty to inhale , some times are often worse than others
  


    Inability to “catch” that breath
  


    Sweating after little physical activity
  


    Very cold feet
  


    Weak legs
  


    Infrequent chest pain, sometimes when inhaling
  


    All these symptoms have worsened over time and developed with the shortness of breath
  
    I’m not an anxious person, I never have been. I’ve been carefully monitoring this condition as per say a scientist monitoring a germ, not a hypochondriac proclaiming death. I have, however, smoked for several years, tobacco and recreational drugs.
  
    These are the tests I’ve done that are coming back all clear -
  


    Spirometry (done last year)
  


    Several x-rays
  


    Several blood tests
  


    Several ECGs
  


    After all these tests and no results, I decided to take this issue privately as it has hindered my quality of life to an extreme. I had a CT scan done last week and the results have come back fine. I have a follow up appointment to discuss the results with a pulmonologist tomorrow.
  
    Now that context is out of the way, I’d like to ask a question.
  
    Is it possible that on two different occasions a CT scan can miss a lung problem? Whether that may be scarring, COPD or anything that can hinder my breathing. I’ve had a low dose CT scan and a normal one with contrast. Both times doctors report normal looking lungs. But it just doesn’t match what and how I feel, it genuinely feels like I have broken, weak lungs.
  
    Can someone point me in the right direction? Should I try to get a HRCT, or biopsy even?
  
    Or at this point should I just leave it to fate? It’s been going on for so long now. I used to be very athletic, great job, beautiful girlfriend. Lost it all because of this undiagnosable illness. Everyone thinks I’m mad because tests come back clear.

Article: im planning to get creatine sometime in december.
  
    14M
  
    height: 172 cm (5'7")
  
    weight: 66kg (145lbs)
  
    how much creatine per day? ive seen forums saying 5g per day, 10g per day and the craziest one 0.3 times your body weight in kg, for me its 20.i actively go into gym and i can say that my workout session is semi intense. i usually do 2-3 sets of failure so thats 10-12 max 15 of reps each set. i want to grow my muscles as well as increase my strength. my kidneys are 100% healthy and my health generally in a good shape.
  
    for short, here are the main 3 questions:1. how much creatine per day? (in grams)2. how much water per day while on creatine? (in liters)3. how much water should my mix with my creatine? (in grams/liters)4. pre or post workout?
  
    thanks in advance.

Article: I (32F, 185lbs, white/Filipino, living in Florida,USA) had a polypectomy/d&c/IUD insertion last week. The day after surgery I had some mcdonalds (fries, nuggies and a burger). My blood glucose level shot DANGEROUSLY high to 309mg/dL. I've NEVER had it that high and was actually instructed to go to the ER..I didn't because it started going down after drinking, fasting and a walk. After some digging I found that insulin resistance can be increased from the anesthesia.
  
    Since that spike...my blood glucose levels have been the BEST IN MY LIFE. I shit you not.
  
    My fasting blood glucose usually is anywhere between 98-110mg/dL...mostly like 100mg/dL...still higher than normal people...My fasting blood glucose right now is 81mg/dL... It's NEVER been that low.
  
    My last A1C was 5.6 and had shot up from 5.2 in January(I was eating my feelings for a few months). I was diagnosed with prediabetes in 2021 and reversed it with keto/weightloss/avoiding sugar and carbs.
  
Back to the question...did I shock my system and my body is using insulin properly? Can insulin resistance be cured with a freak spike? Is this going to be short lived???

    I have the following:
  
    Hashimotos (taking levothyroxine 75mcg and liothyronine 5mcg)
  
    Insulin resistant PCOS (no androgens, no string of pearls...just IR, and anovulatory cycles and a few follicles upon diagnosis) taking metformin 1000mg er.
  
    Depression (taking buproprion 150mg SR X1 DAILY)

Article: 28F generally health.  ex bf had a flu and i think i got it. around the same time developed what i thought was a boil…. it keeps growing. it’s no longer as painful but looks horrible. i’ve been cleaning daily but it bleeds a lot.. no smells but lots of leaking… unsure if i am getting better or what it could be

Article: 26, Female, 167 cm, 57 kg, Caucasian, no big medical issues
  
    A year ago I've developed a pinching pain in my lower right abdomen, right next to belly button and a bit down. The pain then was 8/10, I worried it might have been apendicitis, but I received blood tests and a CT scan- nothing. The surgeon there told me to check with my gynaecologist for possible endometriosis. I did, everything is perfectly fine.
  
    I thought it might be IBS, but the pain is located in one place. In addition to that I experienced right foot moving on its own after covid vaccine and general stiffness in the right side of my body for several months. Could the abdominal pinching pain be just another side effect? Now I believe the most probable answer is that it's ACNES, but I will obviously have to seek further medical examimation.
  
    The only thing that changed in my life however is the long hours I spend in front of my computer due to starting my career and more stress. I'm also right-handed if it helps. I guess it's around 11h everyday sitting.
  
    Is it even possible the pain might come from clenching my stomach muscles all the time from stress and sitting position, if it is just one spot hurting?
  
    Thanks for all the answers

Article: Several days of pressure in chest when breathing, primarily right lung .hypertensive.

Day of: BP and HR low (for me)  but within normal range. Pain on inspiration  Moderate pain/ pressure underneath bottom of right rib cage/ right lung, air felt cold/menthol when breathing, trouble swallowing on the day, pain migrated to centre of chest chest, left side chest, left shoulder, numb/tingling/weak left arm, left leg, and then right leg (though not as severe). Breathing issues/chest pain dissipated and then other weird symptoms followed
  
    29 yo Female with antiphospholipid Syndrome, hypertension, caucasion, 5'4 60 kg

Article: I passed a very strange BM on Sunday. I have a paralyzing fear of intestinal parasites, like I was up until 4am nauseous over it, but after posting in several different subreddits and online forums I don’t think that’s what it was. After some research I think it may have been candida overgrowth. I’m on amoxicillin for strep and a double each infection and I’m day 9 of 10. So the BM happened on day 7. I can find barely any information or pictures of what candida overgrowth in stool would look like. I’m trying to find a doctor that will take me but I can’t find one so far in my area that has opening, I’m legitimately losing sleep over this. I’m 21F, I weigh roughly 126 pounds. I don’t have the healthiest diet but I try too, I have frequent vaginal east infections and I have tinea veriscolor on my skin. Any advice or answers is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

Article: 31F, 5ft 3in, 9st 7lbs, caucasian, in good health, UK
  
    I had chicken pox twice as a child and from what I have read I understand that probably means that I didn't fully develop immunity the first time for whatever reason. Not sure how old I was the first time, the second time I believe I was 9/ 10/ 11.
  
    My hairdresser has just contacted me ahead of an appointment at her house at the weekend to let me know that her children have chickenpox, and to ask if have had it before and am therefore immune.
  
    I assume that having had it twice as a child I fully developed immunity? Feel a bit silly asking but wanted to check to be on the safe side.

Article: 38 female - long time smoker About a month ago I was put on a low cholesterol diet so I have been eating extremely healthy.
  
    My cycle has always been clockwork, I usually start 1-3 days earlier each month. So I should have started 3-6 this month. I did start a new job also on the 3rd but that’s probably to soon to affect my period.
  
    My last sexual encounter was October 2-4. I’m pretty sure I had my period last month.

Article: Hey all - got some bloodwork done and have elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels. Creatine serum is 1.68 (normal range is up to 1.35) and nitrogen is 28 (normal range up to 23.5). I take creatine and eat a good amount of protein. I also work out a lot. I’ve seen the creatine serum can be caused by the creatine supplement, but not so sure about the nitrogen urea? Any ideas? I’m not a huge fan of my doctor.
  
    Demographic info:
  
    Male, 31, 5’11”, 185ish pounds. Supplements/meds: creatine, finasteride, protein, turmeric, cumin, ginger, setraline

Article: Male 5 10 220 pounds
  
    Lately I noticed I get pain while sneezing. It's like a muscle pain and I get it in my back, shoulders and arm. What could be wrong?

Article: 14m 220 5'7 I know it's not common in the us but I have some of the symptoms like small burps feeling like I need to throw up after eating and some acid reflux symptoms that ha been happening my whole life but the eating then the feeling like I need to throw up feeling just started why I'm worried is because of its untreated it turns into cancer right? Can anyone soothe my nerves and I can't get checked out I'm on a trip for like a month and sometimes when I eat breakfast I feel full

Article: 17,male,5'8
  
    My mom has been using it everyday for the past week, and I have to endure the smell whenever I'm in the car with her. If she uses it in the house, it spreads to my room, and I have to turn on the ac. The smell makes my chest/stomach feel weird and it just sucks in general. Could inhaling the smell be bad for me?

Article: Hi there,
  
    I’m a 26F 5’6 145lb healthy individual. I am very active and am not on any medications besides birth control. I recently got an on demand anemia test done as i do a lot of high intensity workouts and recently started distance running and wanted to check my levels. I need help interpreting my results. Nothing was flagged except for high iron (182) but a lot of my ranges were right on the wedge of being flagged high or low ( i.e. my hemacrotit is 34.9 and the flag for low is 34)
  
    I am wondering since my insurance covers it if would be beneficial to got straight to a hematologist instead of a primary care doctor. Would that be acceptable or do they usually only take appointments by referral?

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    I have been waking up in the middle of the night recently feeling like my throat is closing and then needing to vomit. However, when I go to vomit it mostly just ends up being bile, but it prevents me from sleeping. I have also been breaking out in hives for months - typically after eating. I went to the allergist and nothing came back on the skin prick test. I feel like there is often a lump in my throat. I have been taking a PPI for acid reflux after an endoscopy over the summer, but I am still getting hives and vomiting.
  
    Any general ideas as to what this could be? Thank you!!

Article: Male 27, was feeding feral cat yesterday, something spooked him, he swiped scratching my hand, one claw got stuck in my finger, I'd say 1cm deep.
  
    cleaned it with water and hand hand sanitizer and went my way, washed it when i got home few hours later and used alcohol.
  
    im not worried about scratched, but the puncture wound closed (like a needle, even though their claw is big idk how)
  
    went to the infection hospital here, they gave me rabies vaccine, but didn't want to give tetanus (she didn't even bother looking), she says it is unlikely to get this from cat, maybe deep rusty wound or something, which i think is bullshit.
  
    my friend was bitten few years ago by his younger brother and according to their protocol, he did get tetanus shot.
  

    I'm keeping an eye on it, but wanted to see if there's infection doctors who are familiar with this, feral cats walk on dirt all day, bury their feces, lick their paws, but somehow she says it is unlikely

Article: Im 23 male 5’ 10” non smoker mild drinker with asthma (albuterol as needed/ advair 250/50 twice daily)
  
    I was diagnosed with ADHD in high school, but stop taking the medication after graduation . I now work full-time and I am school for my job, but failing out of my classes and cannot make it a day without making mistakes at work. I wanted resume medication, but due to the nature of my job I move states every several months. Is it possible that I could be prescribed medication out of state? Changing doctor so often does not seem feasible, and I know my medication script cant be transferred as it is a narcotic. Note- if you need more description, feel free to ask in the comments

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!
  
    Edit: I took a pic of the palate of two friends and they both have them too... what is it?

Article: First off I’m a 35M 5’8 currently 200lbs, I take Prozac, Zyprexa, Buspar, adderall, Trazodone and prazosin. I’ve have 13 diagnosed mental illnesses from Psychologist and psychiatrists. And 5 physical illnesses, I’d rather not detail every single one out as I’m probably going to delete this for my safety later.
  
    I’ve done searches but the results don’t tell me much, I have Anorexia nervosa extreme food restriction type ( you may call it atypical till I reach my goal weight) and I’m always dehydrated, in my doctors visits my BP was 90 over 60 and the next month 90 over 42, my therapist says she’s shocked I wasn’t admitted to the emergency room.
  
    So how bad is my BP, please be very detailed

Article: Ok I'm 34 so not exactly young but been having ventricular pauses 7-9 seconds every few days around 5am when sleeping, no symptoms that I remember. Have loop recorder since last week.
  
    Picked up by chance cardiologists admitted me for two weeks and said MRI, CT scam ans ultrasound ecko came back good.
  
    One specialist said its likely heart block due to vagal tone which in his opinion isnt life threatening...
  
    They dont want to give me pacemaker as too young, but not sure what else I can do. Any thoughts?

Article: Suffered a broken wrist in May 2021 broke radius and ulna with a partial open fracture of my radius. Internal fixation on the radius bone. Now have been getting a new dull kind of ache halfway up my forearm on my ulna side of my arm. Was told to expect wrist pain and early onset artritis. Just thought it was strange the pain would be in my forearm.

Article: Hii, recently i discovered that some metal bumps of a keyboard that i used to write daily for around one year are made of lead. As i was in continuous contact with it i’m kind of freaking out now. But at the same time as the contact was only through my finger i’m not certain if it represents any real danger.
  
    Should i get a lead test or i’m just exaggerating?
  
    I’m a 24M with 56kg and around 1,80 of height

Article: About 2 months ago I had some pain in my mid back on the right hand side. I have problems with my back and this new pain wasn't anything like any of my normal back pains. I called my GP who asked me to leave off a urine sample, they dipped it and said I had a UTI and sent me off with some antibiotics. I should note that I didn't feel any other symptoms of having a UTI, but the pain was similar to when I've had one in the past.
  
    Nothing stopped the pain. I was then given a different antibiotic after they tested my urine again. Same thing happened, nothing felt better, so I was given a 3rd course of a different antibiotic and referred for an urgent scan of the area to see if they could get a better idea of what was going on.
  
    Currently I'm still awaiting the scan, and still in pain every day. I had my urine tested again last week and it was clear, and I've had blood tests which I'm waiting the results of. Every so often I also get an almost bloating feeling on right side on my back, which goes right through and I can basically feel it from the front too. It can't be my gallbladder as I've had that removed. Although the pain is in a similar region as when I was having issues with my gallbladder. I also feel sick a lot of the time too.
  
    I'm hoping someone can shed a bit of light on what might be happening. I'm a 36 year old female by the way in case that's important

Article: 27F I was told I have a uterine polyp 2 months ago and I was sent to the gynaecologist 2 weeks ago to take tissue samples. They called me today to schedule an appointment and the woman on the phone said “The doctor wants to see you in the next week or two, so anything after that wouldn’t work.” Should this concern me or is this standard?
  
    The polyp is also no longer there- it came out on its own about 3 weeks ago.

Article: Hello, male, 28. I was prescribed Terbinafine 250MG oral tablets for athletes foot. Had blood work done two weeks after taking the medicine everyday. My ALT was 95. My doctor strongly believes it's from the medicine. Terbinafine tablets known to temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
  
    P.S Everything else in my blood was perfect. No hepatitis of any kind.

Article: My son, 11 year old male, healthy, had a heart monitor taped to his chest for a month over a year ago. His skin did not react very well to the adhesive and, at the time, left it red and irritated underneath.
  
    Still, over a year later since it’s been removed, when he takes a hot shower the outline of the heart monitor comes back. After a bit it goes away. Why is this still happening?
  
    Pic here https://imgur.com/a/dzI97EA

Article: 28F, 4'11, 68kg, with approximately a year and a half history of sudden intense headaches, dizziness, double vision and visual disturbances, trouble swallowing and feeling like something is in my throat, and some difficulties with movement. I had some MRI scans taken and an issue in the right caudate was found and has been recommended for further investigation possibly with a contrast scan done, but I'm unsure whether other things I've seen on the scans are anything to be concerned about. I've been told by family if it was an issue they would've said, but I still can't shake the paranoia.
  
    There's an unusual (to me) patch of black that shows up on the SWAN scan that I'm confused by.Also on an SAG T2 - I'm not sure if I'm just imagining it and being paranoid, but my pituitary gland seems larger than I've seen on instructional scans that tell you about your MRI scan. Here is the album of images.

    I'm sure I'm imagining things, but I wanted to be sure if this is something I should question further or not.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: Hi been having some weird symptoms lately. I’m 23F and a bit overweight. It started as slight pressure behind the head (crown area) and dizziness. A week has passed and now I have bit of vision issues, sudden ear pain that passes and goes, clogged sinuses, and dull pain at the back of the head still and somewhere near the sinus area. I had a consultation with a general practitioner a few days ago and was only goven anti vertigo medicine and some antibiotics which didn’t help that much. I was also adviced to go to an ophthalmologist. Where should I go first, to an ENT or ophthalmologist and do you guys have any inkling on what this is?

Article: 21M, 170-ish lbs, do not smoke, drink socially and infrequently, diagnosed with major depressive disorder, have a long history of health anxiety of various extremes Throwaway because I'm very embarrassed. So, something around April this year my fiancee said that she'd like to try out some very light choking - just a hand on a throat, no squeezing or anything like that. She seemed to like this idea a lot, and I decided to partake as well. We've done it only a couple of times and no harm was done, up until I decided to ask her to squeeze my throat with a tad bit more force. I didn't black out or anything like that, but I remember coughing a bit - so I thought this was too risky, and we've never came back to breathplay. Now, I've researched dangers of that practice through and through and would never take part in that now, but for some reason I didn't hit me at all at that time. And so, for some reason, sometime around June I started feeling weird sensation of "heaviness" in my left eyelid - like, it is not droopy, but constantly feels weirdly heavy. It is especially prominent in the mornings, where I feel an overwhelming need to close my left eye when I just wake up, or during the times when I'm very tired. At that time I remembered about the fact that we've choked each other, and it's been bothering me a lot ever since. And by saying a lot, I mean every day, dusk till dawn, I think about that, wondering if there is any damage that could be done. This whole ordeal has turned me into a bumbling mess, even more anxious than I was before. Not helping is the fact that recently I started to mix up words when speaking, which too took a toll on my already poor well-being. Honestly, I feel very hollowed-out. My relationships with family has gone sour, because, as they say, "I've been talking about nothing but my mysterious illness for months". I don't know what to do.

Article: So obviously I want to know how worried I should be, but since my doc is not worried at all, I also want to know if I should pursue a second opinion.  I went to see my PCP last week due to abdominal pain.  He poked around, sent me for an abdominal xray and ordered blood work.  I was able to do the xray that very day but the blood work had to wait a few days (since it was the fasting kind and I had already had breakfast).  He looks at the xray, basically says "yep, you're full of shit" and told me take stool softeners\laxatives.  I did the blood work yesterday and it showed RBC of 4.5, HGB of 13.5, and HCT of 40.  These values were all automatically flagged by the EHR (Epic).  I start looking into anemia and it would totally explain the constipation.  I have also occasionally had lightheadedness, fatigue, and tachycardia, but this has been written off as "long covid" in the past.  Anemia could also cause those things.
  
    I previously had blood work done in Jan 2023 and these values were all normal then.  My PCP was not at all concerned about this.  Should I pursue a second opinion (and if so, from who?  Another PCP or a hematologist?).  Should I just drop it?

Article: 21M Height:6ft1in Weight:290 Pounds
  
    So for as long as I can remember I've had painful swollen nodules pop up on my body which I now assume are lymph nodes now that I'm old enough to give significant thought to it. The only issue is that it'll only be one here or there and in random places irrespective of illness or injury. For as long as I can remember for a few days or weeks random painful swelling will occur with what seems to be no reason. I've had a couple pop up on my stomach, neck, chest, and probably anywhere else you can think of. It happens so often that at any real given time I have a couple of these things swollen. I intend to mention this to a doctor but I never have before because it seemed normal in my.childhood and I've always kind of just seen it as something that happens to me. Any thoughts. Some strange issue or is this really just normal?

Article: Hello , I'm a normal 25 years old male, Yesterday after sleeping I seems to have develop sudden swelling on forehead only, what could be the cause? I can see dent when pinched for 10 seconds. Is this serious? PS. I don't drink,smoke or take any medications, I do take minioxidil topically but it's been 7-8 years already so I don't think that's a culprit.

Article: I went on a road trip to the mountains. 10 hour drive there, 10 hour drive back. When I was up there (I was there for 6 days), my big toe joint started hurting. On the last night, I couldn’t even sleep because it hurt so bad. Same with the first night back home.
  
    Since then, I’ve been taking OTC pain meds for it and rubbing a THC cream on it. I’ve been using an ice pack and elevating each day, as well. I work on and off of my feet five days a week, but I’m wearing a slipper and trying not to use that part of my foot.
  
    It’s been over a week now that I am still in pain. I’m wondering if I should try to slowly flex the toe, or if I should still try to keep it as still as possible. It hurts when I move it up or down. If anything even grazes my toe, it hurts really bad. I have a doctor’s appointment next week, so I’m just wondering in the meantime what my approach should be. Does keeping it still make it better or worse?
  
    33M (FTM), Borderline personality disorder, autoimmune disorders (hashimotos & Celiac), high cholesterol. 160lbs, 5’3”, on .30 of 200ml testosterone cypionate once weekly, daily: levothyroxine 150mg, Bupropion SR 150 mg, Fluvoxamine 125 mg, Atorvastatin 10mg.

Article: Male 27 220lb white about 5,4 . I can't remember the last time i woke up and my eyes weren't blood shot. Some days  or worse then others but on average I'd say they look like I just got done ripping a bong. This happens weather I sleep 8 + hour or 30 mins. On top of that I normal wake up feeling more tired then when I went to bed and it normal takes 30 mins to and 1 hour to feel fully awake but some times that brain fog that comes with fatigue doesn't go away until I've gone back to bed.My question is are these two thing possible related and what can I do about fix it

Article: i (17F) and my boyfriend (18M) have never had sex, but last week (friday, today is tuesday) i got a little bit of precum on my finger and touched my vulva. i did NOT put my finger inside and it was not actual semen. however, i’m so scared that this could still get me pregnant. my period doesn’t normally come until next week and the anxiety is driving me insane. what should i do?

Article: Hello. I am 20F, 158cm, 65kg (roughly), australian, currently on naproxen - night (1000mg), fluoxatine -morning (20mg), evelyn -night, nexium- morning (20mg). i dont smoke nicotine regularly. i have autism, adhd, depression, anxiety, gerd, and spondyloarthritis.
  
    i have been on olanzapine (2.5mg) for 3 years now to help with sleep, also weight (at the beginning) and anxiety attacks. i decided i want to go off it, since ive been feeling drowsy. ive had comments that i seem absent-minded, like i wasnt fully there, and i couldnt seem to get a restful sleep. 5 weeks ago, i went off it after taking half tablet for 2 weeks and had sucidial thoughts, depersonalisation/derealisation, couldnt sleep. we upped the dosage of my fluoxatine from 10mg to 20mg, went back on the olanzapine half tablet for 2 weeks, its been... 2 weeks without it now? slowly and slowly ive become more and more loopy. i havent been getting much sleep. im tossing and turning, getting hot and cold, thinking about stuff that excites my brain. i stopped counting until i fell asleep bc i went up to 600+ at some point before i fell asleep, and found that distressing. ive been taking melatonin (5-10mg) to no avail. ive been having naps during the day bc that seems like the only time im going to sleep. and when i wake up from a nap, i feel weak in the legs, dizzy. last night i just told myself no phone in bed, 10mg melatonin, early night, nothing. ill go to bed whenever, and consistently wake up at 6am-7am, entirely unrested. im worried ill have to go back on olanzapine.this is all exacerbated by the fact im in pain due to my spondyloarthritis. my rhematologist did say that just spondyloarthritis, pain or not, just existing in my system can cause fatigue. what is the meds, and what is me, yknow? what options do i have?
  
    i am seeing my gp tmrw. kind of just want someone to tell me that olanzapine isnt my only option, unless it is, so i can be prepared for it.

Article: Female, 34, 5'9", 180 lbs., past smoker, no medical issues or medication
  
    I put together an IKEA bed frame 10 days ago. Like much furniture from large retailers that require assembly, the bed frame came with one of those little Allen wrenches. I used this little Allen wrench and, understandably, my hand was very sore. I didn't think much of it until three days passed and I still have stabbing pains here and there. Whenever I play games, gripping the controller and moving my thumb around the pad will hurt. My hand also gets fatigued from holding my phone for longer than a couple minutes. Picking up a heavy pot while cooking or gripping any kind of utensil will also result in aches or stabbing pain. It's been 10 days now, and I'm starting to worry that this is not healing.
  
    Should I seek medical attention of some kind to ensure this doesn't get worse? Or perhaps used cold presses and try to rest my hand for a while?
  
    Thanks. This isn't super serious, but I'm scared that my dominant will hurt for the rest of my life.

Article: I just got my bloodwork back. It showed all the usual iron deficiency anemia flags that I was expecting. My osmolality came back on the low end, outside of the normal range. My CO2 also came back on the low end, outside of normal range.
  
    Is this something worthwhile of further investigation? And what does it usually indicate? I did a quick Google search and none of the simple reasons (over hydration for example) seemed to fit.
  
    HbA1c test came back normal as did my blood glucose levels. My TSH was also normal.
  
    37F, overweight, anemia, possible OAB, no medications or other health conditions

Article: I'm trying to donate a kidney and the last 24-hour test showed an abnormally high concentration of protein in my urine. I talked to the nurse and she suggested exercise might be a factor, since I'm not likely to have any actual kidney problems. (I have no symptoms, family history, or causal factors.)  I run, have started taekwondo, and bike, so if exercise really is a problem that tracks for my results. I've changed my schedule so I can be sedentary for a few days before the next 24-hour test.
  
    Are there any other possible causes I'm missing? My quick online search doesn't show a lot that's useful – there's dehydration (this wasn't an issue for me last time, much thanks to sodastream), cold (?? how much cold?? It's New England in November! I can't avoid cold!), aspirin, and stress (physical? mental? I can avoid physical stress but I can't do much about the mental.)
  
    Anyway, the test is a pain in the ass to coordinate so I do not want to repeat it.
  
    Edited for age and sex: 22F, European/Middle Eastern, weight ~150-160 lb, height 5'9", recreational drugs are weed and alcohol at a low dose about 2-3x/wk put together, current medications I'd prefer not to specify but just think obvious antidepressants and antianxiety drugs.

Article: I will try to give as much info as i can, here we go.
  
    Male 22//non smoker//normal bmi//sometimes active//asthmatic
  
    Have had asthma since i was 4/5, it kinda went away from 15-20 and then returned (thanks). My asthma was first triggered by Exercise but now by the changing of the weather (warm to cold, cold to warm) so autumn and spring are basically hell.
  
    In February of this year my asthma presented itself als a cough for 3/4 weeks + shortness of breath. I kinda ignored it untill i went to the doctor because it was getting annoying. He did an xray which was clean thank god. The symptoms went away after 2 weeks and it was all good till August.
  
    Here is were the current problems start, in august i got ill after holiday, it went away, then returned again. When it returned it had the shortness of breath again. I went to my GP who referred me to my pulmonologist, but because he was ill i could only see him last week. We discussed what was wrong and he said he wanted me to do a CT scan, this made me afraid because well we all know what the CT scans are used for. I didnt know they used it to diagnose asthma again. He did say however my symptoms sounded very weird and ill list them below now:
  


    shortness of breath, now i can still walk 10/15kms or sing at top of my lungs and talk full sentaces. But its like i am more "aware" of my breathing, its a bit harder to take breaths if that explains it. Google doesnt say this is shortness of breath but i have no idea how to explain it.
  


    on and off cold, this is really annoying. One week its there, next week my nose is stuffed again. Its like i do blow every weekend (i swear i dont hahah) and my nose keeps getting blocked.
  


    more tired, this one might be my ever changing sleep schedule as a teen in uni but you never know. I dont need to sleep extra normally, but i can sleep 8/9 hours and still feel a bit sleepy.
  


    So here are the things in terms of tests. (All came back clear/clean) ECG (last week), listened to lungs (3 docs), xray in March, lung function test in March, CBC 2 months ago, lung capacity test last week (99%).
  
    I have no idea anymore what this could be, the ct scan makes me a bit anxious because i googled the symptoms (stupid yes). The symptoms are intermittet tho which makes it all the more confusing.
  
    Anyone here have an idea?

Article: So recently the house doors got repainted in enamel alkyd based paint (high voc, country not protected by epa), and its a condominium, so the paint fumes are very concentrated. I (18M 172cm 72kg) moved in 4 days after it got painted, with the room being aired out at night only (8hrs a day) through two windows for the 4 days before i moved in. When i moved in, i could still smell paint fumes clearly, and its still a little bit strong, like i would feel like its pretty strong (like 1 day old varnish, not as strong as a bucket of varnish, but as strong as if u stood a few feet away from a freshly varnished door) for the first few minutes i enter the room, but my nose would adjust 10 minutes later. due to the weather, i have slept in the room for 4 days with windows closed to preserve the air conditioning and spent the day with windows open to get rid of the smell. how harmful was it, and would i obtain brain damage from it

Article: As a result of breaking my foot 3 weeks ago, I occurred a blood clot in my calf. I was prescribed blood thinners (Rivaroxaban) for 3 months and sent home. Not ideal but completely manageable.
  
    I’m since developed chest pain and unusual heart patterns. My resting heart rate is usually mid-50s and stable but it keeping bouncing around between 40-120bph. It can increase rapidly when I’m ‘active’ such as walking to the bathroom, but can also occur when I’m resting and not moving.
  
    I returned to the hospital, they completely ECG, X-ray and CT scan. No PE or anomalies found. I was sent home and advised it should pass, it hasn’t but neither has it worsened.
  
    A GP suggested I return to the hospital for repeated tests and if nothing urgent found, they will refer me to a cardiologist. However, it must be related to the blood clot in some capacity? Could it be as simple as a reaction to the medication?
  
    Any advice would be appreciated.
  
    Note - heart rate not related to anxiety. Often not even thinking of my health when rate is increasing/decreasing rapidly.
  
    Healthy active 38F (Crossfitter, runner, etc).

Article: Hi I'm 19M from Malaysia. I was diagnosed with LPR 7 months ago by an ENT because I had a persistent sore throat that never went away. He gave me some Gaviscon Advanced and it got better.
  
    Throughout the 7 months, I have been having occasional bouts of these throat clearing and pain in the throat episodes (maybe around 5 times). Sometimes it would just go away on its own, but when it doesn't, I'd take Gaviscon Advanced and it would disappear.
  
    However, 4 days ago, I started experiencing this horrible episode of sore throat, the worst since the start of my symptoms. At first I thought it was a cold, but now it's clearly not because I haven't developed anything other symptoms other than this sore throat. In fact, I woke up yesterday morning feeling absolutely zero pain in the throat, only for it to return in the evening. Today I think I've also been feeling some heartburn? It's a symptom I never had before and now I have it. Is it worsening rapidly or something?
  
    I don't feel like talking Gaviscon anymore because it's only a temporary fix and not a permanent cure. What specialist do I see now? What can I do to cure this LPR? Is there even a cure? And I read that it can cause complications if it's not treated. I'm only 19 and I am not ready for that 😭

Article: Like the title says I recently had to have an IV put in my forearm and after about 2 days my arm was very sore, not painful really just really sore. I asked my doctor what was happening and he took the IV out. It has been a few days now and my arm is still swollen. Is this something that will go away on its own? Or should I be worried

Article: 36m, 5’8”, 230lbs, fairly active.
  
    My left ankle/foot has hurt pretty much for the past 10+ years solid.  It swings from bad to worse, but it NEVER pain free.  My podiatrist tells me it’s ganglion cysts, but that they’re not worth going after.  I’ve been through cycles of oral steroids more times than I can count and steroid shots in my foot a couple times.  It never really helps that long.
  
    Went to a local urgent care 4 days ago and got the same steroid pack I always get, but they insisted on getting X-rays.
  
    The X-ray is in a comment.  Thoughts?  Talus doesn’t look quite right to me.

Article: Female, 36, 163 cm, 62 kg, smokes
  
    I started castor oil for my face on saturday,  double cleaned my face in the evening and put some on my face and neck before sleep. The first day my skin was incredibly soft, so i thought it was doing its work. Since yesterday evening (i didnt put any oil on yet, so after 2 days of using it) bumps started to come behind my ear and within hours my whole neck and behind both ears is covered in rashy looking bumps. They don't itch and they are dry. I noticed its starting to get onto my face now..
  
    Am i allergic? Is there anyone who recognizes this? I have never had an allergy so i have no idea
  
    The only other thing it could be is a dress i got from someone on vinted wich i tried on yesterday......i am super scared of bedbugs and such so the dress is already out the door..didn't want to take any risks.
  
    I'm aware only a docter can give me a real answer but maybe someone recognizes this and calm my mind before i call a doctor. Thanks in advance!

Article: My son is 7 about 56 lbs he is on lisdexamfetam 20 MG and gaunfacine 2mg extended release. He isn’t feeling well at all and was going to give him cold medicine but when I looked it up it said no ? I am waiting for a call from the doctor ..

Article: 42F/1.67/70kg/Caucasian/no smoking/no drinking/ no medications/no drugs
  
    I am getting a COVID booster on Tuesday and the Flu vax. on Wednesday. The following week I am scheduled to get a routine blood test. Will the vaccinations affect my blood values? Logically, you'd think it would affect WBC and whatnot.
  
    (Sorry for the silly question but I couldn't find anything anywhere that specifically answered if getting a blood test a week after vaccinations affects the values at all).

Article: Hi all,
  
    I'm a 29M, 69kg, 184cm, used to use Relvar Ellipta stopped 4 days ago, past smoker (stopped 6 years ago) and occasional drinker.
  
    In another post I've asked on what could it be the reason for me having this weird palpitations and someone told me that Relvar is known to possibly cause this.
  
    Since I don't suffer from really bad asthma I stopped using it and I've scheduled an appointment with my doctor. Problem is that only in 3 months I can have a follow up from him.
  
    So I've decided to have an ECG (where I live we can do it without doctor refferal). I did this ECG just to easy my anxiety regarding the palpitations.
  
    Did it just now and the report came back saying:
  
    "Normal ECG for the patient for his age group with sinus arrythmia"
  
    Every other ECG that I have done in my life never mentioned this arrythmia. Usually the report would only say : "Early repolarization".
  
    I was expecting that and came something different. Could it be that Relvar changed the way my heart works? Im a bit scared about this arrythmia, how did it "overlap" my early repolarization?
  
    Is it a misdiagnosis?
  
    I really don't know and I wish you could help me out understanding this.
  
    Here are the links for the ECG's I just did.
  
https://ibb.co/DMfcb0d https://ibb.co/Pcz59wP

    Thanks for the attention.

Article: My wife (33F) had a urine culture at 10 weeks and it discovered she was positive for GBS but only at 25,000 and her OB will only treat with antibiotics if it’s above 100,000 but will treat via IV during labor. Is it okay to not have the antibiotics now?

Article: I am 37F, weight is 163, I did have a previous concussion 8 years ago. I take Prozasin and Ambien for nightmares associated with PTSD, Gabapentin, Levothyroxin, Lipitor, Nuvaring. Had an Ozempic shot a week ago.
  
    I fell and hit my head while out for a walk (long story) and blacked out for an indefinite time, now I’m having issues.
  
    I’m just wondering if I should finally give in and see a doctor.
  
    I had a mild concussion 8 years ago and developed water on the brain that had to be drained by a spinal tap, because the excess water was causing me to go blind.
  
    Now, I fell and hit my head on the road on Wednesday. I haven’t been to the doctor. I blacked out, I don’t know for how long for sure because I was alone, but I think it was just for a few seconds. I had problems with grip strength on one side of my body the next day, I couldn’t hold onto things very well. I’d drop even candy wrappers. But that got better the next day. I had a bad headache for days, but that’s also improved.
  
    What hasn’t improved much is how irritable I am. I get dots in my vision. I am having mild trouble with memory and occasional spots of vision loss, but the vision comes back after a bit. My hands and face will periodically go numb, but that’s a type of migraine I sometimes get (but that’s been happening a lot more often since I hit my head). I have occasional slurred speech, and mild confusion when I’m on my feet for too long and mild loss of balance and mild dizziness.
  
    The weirdest thing that happened to me—and legit freaked me out and is why I’m making this post—was my tongue and lips went numb after I got home from work today. And the next feeling I had, my mouth felt like I had eaten something spicy, like a ton of cinnamon. It—no joke—tasted exactly like I’d eaten a ton of very spicy cinnamon. I have never experienced anything like this before. I had not eaten anything when it started. My mouth was so numb, and yet felt so much like it was on fire, that I bit my tongue at some point and had no idea until the spicy feeling faded hours later and my normal feeling came back.
  
    It was bizarre, and I actually teared up because it freaked me out.
  
    Should I be worried? Is it time to go to the doctor? Can anything be done to help, or do I just need to sleep it off?

Article: Age: 38
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 183cm
  
    Weight: 95kg
  
    Race: Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint: 24 hours
  
    Location: Australia. Lump is on upper right pectoral,maybe 2 inches below my collarbone.
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: None
  
    Current medications: None
  
    Noticed this mark appear on my chest seemingly inside of 24 hours - at first I thought it might have been a burn from splattering oil or something, because it looked red and shiny like a blister. It's painless, feels slightly raised (one of the images tried to capture the elevation) and is around 1-2mm in size. A cursory dr google tells me the cloest thing to it is BCC.
  
    I can't remember the last time I got sunburnt on my chest. I also get random blemishes on my chest quite a bit, just this one is larger than ones I can remember.
  
    I've booked to see my GP on Thursday about it.
  
    Thanks in advance.
  
    Images https://imgur.com/a/GKyM5UP https://imgur.com/OKIG93q

Article: 23F 52KG I have a lump on the side of my neck that is a pea, is hard and non painful. It is 9mm x 11mm I have a second one under my jaw that is squishy but has been there for years.
  
    I have had ultrasounds that have come back fine and even bloodwork.
  
    However,  the bloodwork came back saying I had high CRP. The doctor did not investigate further.
  
    However, I can’t shake the feeling that this isn’t right. They have been there for so long and my ENT and GP will not investigate any further. My gut is telling me that something isn’t right.
  
    Am I just anxiety ridden or is a biopsy something I should push for?

Article: 21 year old male. My recent blood test showed I have elevated estradiol. 45 pg/ml with a reference range < or = 39 pg/ml. Testosterone free/total, LH, and FSH are all normal. I’ve been experiencing symptoms such as low libido, fatigue, and insomnia for a year now. I’m lean, live a healthy life style, and have tried supplementing with dim, zinc, and vitamin D with no success. Side effects have been persistent. My GP didn’t want to prescribe me anything. How is this typically resolved? Is an aromatase inhibitor too much? I’m not on steroids or any exogenous hormones.

Article: Hi everyone, I've been experiencing several recurring symptoms multiple times per month or week for many years and I'm not sure what's going on. My symptoms include poor sleep, fatigue, headaches, pain when moving my eyes, and nasal blockage. Has anyone experienced something similar or have any idea what might be causing this? Any advice would be appreciated. Went to multiple docs but didnt get to the bottom of it.
  
    25 yo male, not smoking, living pretty much a healthy lifestyle. Symptoms been up since Im about 15-16.

Article: Since school started my 7 year old son and 4 year old daughter has been sick. It’s expected I suppose, to a point. My daughter has been sick then healthy for about a week then straight back into sick again.
  
    My son on the other hand has been sick nonstop since the start of school and the last month it’s been insanely bad. He’s waking up multiple times a night with a terrible non stop cough. The worst part though is his deep congestion and explosive sneezing. He is waking up around 5am every morning with explosive sneezing for about 15 minutes. It’s explosive sneeze after explosive sneeze.
  
    We have had him diagnosed two years ago with an allergy to dust mites so we have removed all stuff animals from his room. He has no thick carpets or anything that can attract mites other than his bedding which he needs. We clean religiously vacuuming multiple times a week and dusting once a week minimum.
  
    No idea what to do here. I feel terrible for the kid because he’s uncomfortable and not sleeping properly.
  
    Any thoughts or suggestions?

Article: 33F, 5'1", 110lbs Epilepsy, Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, history of anorexia. Non smoker. Lamotrigine, Topiramate, Lexapro, Mirapex, Ambien I'd say this happens like once every two weeks for the last year or so. I'll suddenly become overwhelmed with nausea, and I'll barf my guts out. Then I'm done. All good. Carry on as normal. It's like my stomach wanted to be empty. Doesn't seem tied to any particular food, and this isn't purging. What is Body doing?

Article: I (28 male) got a tympanostomy tube about six months ago. It affected my hearing at the time (hearing test confirmed this) but I've gotten used to it. It's now affecting my hearing again as sometimes things sound flat, and this picture from an at home otoscope (in comments) shows some type of growth around it. It looks like it's trying to fall out, but there's stuff around the tube. Is this normal? Is it normal for hearing to change at this stage?
  
    200lbs, 5’8”, got the ear tube due to repeated ear infections previously

Article: Hi all,
  
    27M, Australian. 75kg. 5ft9 Medication - Propranolol 10mg BD
  
    Here is the current complaint. Due to being inactive due to POTS in 2021, I went from 63kg to 89kg over about 12 months. All fat gain. I have since dropped (intentionally through diet and exercise) to 75kg (a healthy weight). However, one day around 74kg, I felt suddenly faint, hot & flushed, light-headed and anxious, and I thought I needed food. 5 mins after having a sandwich, I felt normal... only for the feeling of low blood sugar to return 3 hours later. Interestingly, my hands get hot & red, and the veins are dialated after eating as well, and then go awY after 2-3 hours, when i feel the symptoms again.This has been going on ever since (18months) and I'm at my wits end. Every 3 hours I have these symptoms. However, my sugar at the time is perfectly normal (4.5-5mmol). My fasting sugar is 4.7mmol (normal). It also doesn't seem sugar related, as when I have these feelings, if I eat a steak (1g carbs), it goes away. The most troubling is the light-headedness. I have never fainted, and the overall symptoms have improved slightly with weight loss... but wtf is going on? All my tests are normal... did i mess myself up gaining weight so quick? Is it a stomach transit time issue? Am I sensitive to adrenaline when my stomach empties? This also happens if I fast from waking e.g 2hours after waking, so is not only post prandial.
  
    Large volumes of fluid don't fix it, only solid food. I have tried low carb (under 100g daily). Helped a tiny bit but nothing notable. I am really sick of eating every 2-3 hours. It is severely impacting my quality of life. Someone mentioned idiopathic post prandial syndrome... but there seems to be little evidence as to why this occurs.
  
    Please any suggestions welcome

Article: Hello, I (27F) was found with cavitary nodule in my upper right lobe during a routine CT scan. I did a sputum test which came back negative. The pulmonologist has requested a repeat CT scan, and told me that if he cannot make a diagnosis, he's thinking about bronchoscopy. Now, what I want to know is why he requested a repeat CT and not just go directly for bronchoscopy? Is it possible to differentiate tb with cancer using CT scan?

Article: My(23f) daughter (6months) was prescribed miconazole cream as she had a red circle bordered rash on her cheek, the doctor said it looked like a fungal infection. I’ve been putting the cream on twice a day for just over a week and the rash has spread, there is two smaller circles on the same cheek and there are more blotches starting to appear on the other cheek now, it doesn’t weep and she doesn’t try to itch it and she is fine in herself. I’m now starting to worry that it is psoriasis as her father had psoriasis (only just cleared up this year).
  
    Do fungal infections typically spread? What can I also do to prevent it from spreading? I always make sure to keep her face dry since she dribbles a lot, I’ve also always made sure to wash her towels after using and she doesn’t go anywhere near the cats (cats don’t go on her things either if they have it’s been washed)

Article: 22F Since about March of this year ive been having intense painful headaches in the center of my forehead and around the top or bridge of my nose with pressure behind my eyes. My nose struggles to lubricate itself and is often dry inside. I rarely have any boogers and when i do they are rubbery or dry and greenish. When i cry, my nose does not properly drain within a few minutes it stays stuffy for hours. My earliest in-person doctor appointment is not until next year. An online doctor through my provider gave me amoxicillin-clavulanate/augmentin for a week and then I tried Flonase nasal spray for a couple weeks after. Neither have worked in fixing this and i am confident its not allergies at this point. I currently dont take any medicine and fresh air helps clear my nose a bit but being indoors at work or home makes it stuffier and harder to breath. Ive never had this issue before or anything similar.

Article: 33M, 58kg, 187cm, smoker (nicotine and thc)
  
    I've been on Lithium (600mg) and Lamotrigine (100mg) for about 2 months now. I just received the results of my blood test, but my next appointment with my psychiatrist is next month, he's on holidays. Results are all fine (in normal range) except my TSH (thyroid) ; I was at 3.07 µUI/mL last month, and now it is at 6.85 µUI/mL.
  
    It is above the normal range ; is it an urgent matter? I mean, should I lower lithium dosage? I went from 400mg to 600mg last week.
  
    2nd question, I have many dentist appointements (heavy work) before I meet my psychiatrist again. Is 6.85 µUI/mL TSH a problem for dentistry?

Article: for the past week and a half i've been having this ache which transpires around the bottom area of my ribs.
  
    it doesn't hurt when i breath nor has it been caused by a fall (i hardly go out) but it does cause discomfort when i raise my arm above my head and stretch. feels like something's been pulled wrong but i can't see how since i've done no recent extra curricular activity.
  
    can it have maybe be done in my sleep? why does it only hurt on one side?
  
    edit: forgot to mention but it hurts when i touch that area too roughly too.

Article: I lived in a city with rowhomes and a neighbor on my side and another across the street both died of the same type of aggressive brain tumors about 5 to 10 years after moving off the street. Is this just a coincidence? My family thinks so. I think its odd though.
  
    I've since moved as well as my family. Someone suggested it could be all the TV antennas and transformers on the street. But some electric experts assured me the EMF cancer theory is unlikely (and I hope so because I currently have a mounted transformer right next to my apartment 😕).
  
    So docs do you think its just coincidental?

Article: 34yo Male 6’5” 350lbs Dx Hypertension (Controlled) Rx Losartan HCTZ 100/25
  
    So I was sick with an URI about 5-6 weeks ago that progressed to my chest. I was prescribed the Prednisone 5 day pack and eventually got better.
  
    Fast forward to today and have been sick with another URI (thanks to my kids and school lol ) that has again turned ugly over the course of 7 days. My mucus/sputum was initially clear but is now darkening to shades of greens/yellows etc. I didn’t feel like going anywhere so I made a telehealth appointment and talked with a doctor who prescribed a Z pack and a round of prednisone. During the call I forgot to mention that I had Prednisone 5-6 weeks ago. Is it safe to take it again? Or should I pass on taking it?
  
    Edit - the original course 6 weeks ago was the taper dose x5 days and what was prescribed for me today is 2 tablets per day x 5 days.

Article: 29F
  
    2 days ago I fell down the stairs. I landed on my butt and bounced down the rest of the way. It hurt pretty badly. 2 days later and I can hardly walk. Sitting, bending, getting up HURTS so badly. I see some bruises on my thighs, some on my butt. My butt is swollen. The pain is intense. My husband and google say nothing can be done about a broken tailbone, so it’s pointless to go. Should I just continue to treat at home with limited activity and medication?

Article: 29/M, 5’10, 214LBs.
  
    Meds- Busiprone-10mg x3 Daily, anxiety Topiramate- Migraines 25mg x1 daily. Omeprazole- 40mg x1 daily. Heartburn/GERD
  
    Let me preface by saying I have been diagnosed as prediabetic. Recently have been having to use the restroom at night at least once. However the past few nights it’s been multiple times waking me up with a full bladder. I’m also waking up in a full sweat as well. And not just a sweat I mean, hair soaking, body outlined sweat. I’ve been losing weight but I’m kind of concerned that the possibility of diabetes has progressed from pre into a full form potentially. I can’t even make it through a night now without being up 2-3 times having to pee at this point. And it’s a full bladder feeling each time.
  
    I’m also dealing with bouts of hunger, real nasty hunger where I just need to eat everything. I have a discolored tongue recently, yellowish. Leg and foot keeps going numb in my sleep as well recently. Should I head to get some tests done at this point? Thanks.

Article: I had outside food recently, and now I'm unwell with a fever, nausea, and overall weakness. Strangely, I've noticed a pattern of getting sick after eating out in the past few years.
  
    Help me guys. 😢😷
  
    Age: 24 Height: 5’11 Previous medications: N/A Daily physical activity: Little to none.

Article: Hi!
  
    22M, 173cm, 90~kg (Starting diet as recommended by GP), non-smoker, no alcohol or other drugs (Minus coffee).
  
    I’ve been lately having this left chest discomfort and mucus. It started about a week ago, when I was doing some cardio (Playing Laser Tag with my friends) and I had to slow down because I started to get a pressure feeling on all my chest and started to cough up a lot (No other symptoms), as soon as I started slowing, in the course of 15-20 minutes every symptom stopped. The room we did the activity in was humid and had some fumes/vapour (Not sure which, but they’re safe) to make the lasers work, just pointing it out in case it may be related. I’m a bit sedentary but on my yearly, work-provided health screening all came back fine (EKG was fine, blood and urine too) minus a bit of cholesterol which I’m trying to put a remedy on (220~ when the max, safe level is 200, at least according to the resume PDF they handed me after the checkup).
  
    Now I’ve been having this, dull, sometimes a bit burning-like pain on my left chest. Sometimes also migrates to my right chest but it’s not common. I’d say it’s on a 2-3 ache scale out of 10 (More like an annoyance, rather than acute pain, but really annoying).
  
    It hasn’t got worse but also hasn’t got better, that’s why I haven’t made an appointment with my GP yet (Also considering I’ve had a positive checkup less than 2 weeks ago…) and I’m asking here.
  
    I’ll take a painkiller later to discard MSK, but I think it may be something else because of the mucus.
  
    I have no other symptoms, no fever, no breath shortness…
  
    I’m a bit lost, any ideas? Worth getting evaluates by my GP?
  
    Thanks everyone!

Article: So i get this pain when I’m on my knees and I fully bend them and sit on them. The pain is sharp and its worse if my toes are bent forward as well. The pain subsides after a few repetitions but when I stand back up again, i need a couple of seconds to ease my weight back on the knee.
  
    This problem is only in my right knee. I’ve also noticed that if I do the aforementioned movement once, then i get a pain of similar type, but less magnitude if I’ve kept my knee slightly bent for a while. This pain too subsides soon enough once I stand up.

Article: 20 Male, 11 Stone, 5'6
  
    Hi, on the weekend I pulled my muscle on my right shoulder, it has happened before but this time all I did was shut a door gently and my it started to hurt so much. The pain in my shoulder has nearly gone I just get burning sensation now, but I feel a lot of pressure on my chest and feels a bit difficult to breath. It feels sore when breathing, I only got pain in my right side of my chest when I pulled my muscle and pain in my ribs but no other pain anywhere else on my chest. I am finding that i am getting out of breath easier as well.
  
    I do have asthma but when I pulled my shoulder muscle this bad before I've never encountered this problem.
  
    Thank you.

Article: 20F, diagnosed autistic and OCD
  
    i literally cannot go outside during the day because the daylight is making me exhausted, gives me a headache and i constantly squint, even with sunglasses on. i only go outside when it’s dark because of this. what is causing this? this has been happening since i hit puberty

Article: Hi, I am an 18 year old female and I have been experiencing red splotchy-ness on my legs and occasionally other parts of my body, like chest or arms after I shower, I weigh around 65kg and am 5'8 I'm not on any medication although I do have a condition called POTS although I'm not sure if it's a result of blood pooling as I have had this longer than POTS (I'm trying to attach a photo but I can't figure it out so I will come back with one)

Article: 36M here. Result of my ct tap scan as below. My doc told me nothing to worry about. So seeking a 2nd opinion here. Is there anything i need to worry about? TIA
  


    No abnormal pulmonary mass, consolidation or suspicious pulmonary nodule is seen.
  


    No mediastinal or adrenopathy or pleural effusion is seen.
  


    No abnormal intra-abdominal or pelvic mass is seen. No abdominal or retroperitoneal adenopathy is noted.
  


    Subtle subpleural scarring Is seen at bilateral lung apices.
  


    A few small subpleural blebs are seen in the medial aspect of the left upper lobe. A few punctate lung cysts are seen in the basal portion of the right upper lobe.
  


    A punctate hypodensity in the lower pole of the right kidney probably represents a tiny cyst. No hydronephrosis is noted.

Article: Age - 49
  
    Sex - Female
  
    Height - 5' 2"
  
    Weight - 140 lbs.
  
    Race - Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint - 2 1/2 months
  
    Location - Tampa Florida
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues rheumatoid arthritis, COPD, systolic CHF, anxiety and depression, +bipolar disorder
  
    Current medications Ipratopium Bromide/Albuterol solution for nebulizer, trazadone, lamotrygine
  
    Include a photo if relevant for some reason it won't allow me to provide photos -
  
    Can someone please he help me by telling me what in the world i have? I thought i had head lice that was resistant to everything. I've used NIX, RID (both super strength for superlice), tea tree oil, teatree shampoo, coconut oil, Vaseline, Neem oil, Vamousse, several different store brand lice killers, apple cider vinegar and regular vinegar, even Listerine, prescription permathrin cream × 3 prescriptions and left on for 8-12 hours all 3 times and Ivermectin cream and pills (prescription of 2 pills). I even shaved my head thinking because is was so long and thick some eggs may have been missed. Unfortunately that did not solve the problem. In fact NOTHING has gotten rid of whatever it is and it's only getting worse My PCP said she thinks it's scabies and prescribed the permathrin cream and 2 ivermectin pills plus a referral to a dermatologist. Unfortunately my insurance doesn't cover and i cant afford to pay out of pocket full price. Ive already got over $600 out in this nightmare. Not to mention sleep lost and alot of energy wasted on disinfecting, washing everything that is washable DAILY including pillows and sheets & comforter and spraying my house and porch my bed, furniture, and perimeter around the house with mite & bedbug spray. I don't understand why when i run a lice comb over my hair stubble i get no bugs but if I move the comb around my scalp starts turning black in a spot that was white before moving the comb around and gently pushing from back to front. And then it slowly spreads back out appearing to look like normal scalp color. I'm hoping that makes sense to you. Also get black patches on my my face, chest and abdomen, back, neck, arms, legs, hands and feet that come and goes. I researched Demodex and scabies but as you see by this post i did the medicine treatment for both. I feel like all of the treatments i did would calm it down for a day or two only to have it come back stronger than before treatment. I'm not terribly itchy tho so i dont think its either scabies or demodex mites BTW this problem started beginning of September. Im hoping to be able to upload some of the photos I've taken for you to take a look at. Thank you in advance! Any information is greatly appreciated. Im out of options and don't know what else to do. One more thing to add. If it was headlice or scabie mites wouldn't my boyfriend or cat have contracted whatever this is if it were headlice or scabies/ mange mites after being exposed for over two months?

Article: I have an elderly family member (70+)  with a bad liver, diabetes, and several other health issues. Her liver is so bad that they have her on meds to keep her ammonia levels under control.
  
    Last week she somehow developed an abscess on her spine that caused sepsis. She was admitted to the ER after becoming delirious.
  
    We were told that the sepsis had caused her kidneys to shut down and that she would need a central line with strong antibiotics and dialysis to survive, but she was too weak to survive either, let alone both. She fell unconscious and could not be revived. The decision was made to move her to hospice and stop all medications (except pain meds to keep her comfortable) as well as all IV fluids.
  
    That was 5 days ago, but she is still clinging to life. My question is how?
  
    How is this 70+ year old woman with diabetes, liver failure, kidney failure and sepsis still breathing on her own with no assistance without any food or water, let alone the laundry-list of the meds that were keeping her alive before? How was she too weak for the life-saving measures she needed, but strong enough to still be fighting for her life a week later under conditions that could kill a healty person after a few days?

Article: I am 19f, 5ft tall, 100 lbs, white, nonsmoker, and on no medications though I sometimes take vitamin c and d.  I got the HPV vaccine the last week of September. I was on the second day of my period when I got the vaccine. That was my second dose, and I remember when I got the first dose my period was slightly late, but not this bad. I've now gone I think 42 days without a period according to the app I have that tracks it and it's freaking me out. I've also been under a ton of stress recently, which I know can contribute, but I'm really nervous.I do have a boyfriend, but we are waiting until marriage for any type of penetrative sex and when we do mess around, it's with extreme caution and we're not doing anything that could lead to pregnancy anyway.I've been having all my typical PMS symptoms (breakouts, bloating, mild cramps) from around the time when I should have started to now, but no actual bleeding. What should I do? Should I be concerned? Is there any correlation between the HPV vaccine and the menstrual cycle?TL:DR: I got my period on the 2nd day of my menstrual cycle and now I've gone over 40 days without one. Should I be worried and what should I do?

Article: 30F, smoker, don't take any medication Hello to the doctors of Reddit, first of all, thank you to everyone for the responses and the time you take to answer questions. A few months ago, during a routine check-up, an elevation in liver enzymes was detected, and I was referred to a specialist for monitoring. The enzymes remained elevated for three months, during which I was tested for chronic and acute viral diseases (hepatitis A, C, etc.), all of which turned out negative. Afterward, the specialist requested a test for smooth muscle antibodies, which came back positive. Before the last follow-up, liver parameters returned to normal, except for elevated bilirubin. The specialist mentioned that the positive antibodies are nothing to worry about, but did not explain further. I would appreciate it if someone could explain whether smooth muscle antibodies can be positive without a specific reason and how. Thanks again to everyone for taking the time to respond.

Article: 34m, 5'9'' 240lbs, White. I've recently started a new job in a steel foundry using heavy duty power tools to grind and trim big steel pieces. It's been about a month and although I stretch and take OTC pains meds, my hands are constantly hurting. I get trigger finger early mornings and late evenings and in between a general pain and occasional numbness.
  
    Is there good options for treating this? Would exercising the fingers help or do they just need rest? I tried sleeping in brace but had no improvement the next day.
  
    Thank you

Article: I'm 21F and recently I've developed these intensely itchy bumps that cover my upper arm. i wouldnt describe them to be like hives, they're more of acne-like in texture. the itch feeling is similar to those felt when u continuously scratch a mosquito bite. more context is that i have very dry skin and ichthyosis vulgaris. the only things ive changed in my life so far is my body soap and body lotion. i dont have these bumps anywhere else except my upper arm and i dont have a record of skin allergies to any lotion or soap. i also changed my sheets and checked for bugs (i found none). so far, all i've been doing is washing it with mild soap and applying aloe vera gel when it becomes too uncomfy and trying to cool it off. i am willing to answer more questions if needed. help is greatly appreciated 🥹

Article: Hi, I'm (23F) having a hard time because I always need to massage my father's back, legs and feet because he feels the numbness, tingling and sudden pain in his body. Even though he's taking his maintenance med and pain reliever meds.
  
    Now that I will need to work far away from my dad because I just got employed. I wanted to ask for assistance or any home remedies, or anything that I can do or something to buy to help lessen the pain he's feeling everyday.
  
    Can you pleass help me? Thankss

Article: 15 year old (male) yesterday night I woke up with pain behind left eye and lasted for around 12 hours I was off and on sleeping, my eyes have always been fuzzy (static vision) and blurry when I’m looking at things from a far. what should I do ? Does this sound like I need glasses ?

Article: Hi all, I am an American(29F, 60kg, 161cm, good health no meds) who had the chickenpox vaccine as a child 25ish years ago. I live in the UK now where the vaccine is not routinely given to children and have a child (3F) that will be starting school soon. I am wondering if I will still have immunity from the vaccine when she inevitably catches it? Thanks

Article: 21M, never had other issues before and don't take any medications
  
    Hi there sorry for my bad English. This is not my first language but I hope you can understand what I a trying to explain. In the last 9 Weeks I am constantly facing symptoms that feel like having a cold (sometimes I do have fever and a runny nose... I also have night sweats and don't have a lot of energy and need to sleep a lot). The symptoms are worse on some days and better on there days but I never feel cured 100%. I was at my local doctor's office 4 times now and they don't know what it could be (they ruled out EBV but don't know what else it could be). I live in Germany btw. Maybe someone has a clue on what it could be or how I could proceed. Thank you so much in advance

Article: 20F, South Asian, with a family history of bad bones, arthritis, and muscular dystrophy. No drugs or alcohol. I take Effexor and Ritalin for depression and ADHD. I'm anemic but don't take anything for it.
  
    I have a desk job and an extremely inactive routine. I experience shoulder pain, stiffness, and back pain from time to time but nothing too serious. I experience cervical spine pain as well every now and then.
  
    Over the past few weeks, I have had a more hectic routine than usual. Lots of walking, standing in queues, and long-distance travel. Every time I stand for longer than 5 minutes, sit in the same position for more than 10 minutes, or walk for more than a half a kilometer, my legs hurt and my knees feel like they're burning. I wouldn't call it excruciating but definitely a 7/10 in terms of pain level. It becomes worse with colder temperatures as well.
  
    Should I be too concerned?

Article: Age: 24
  
    Sex: Male
  
    Height: 5’10
  
    Weight: 190lbs / 85 kilos I think
  
    Race: White
  
    This is hard to write as I can barley think but I recently (in the past 4 months) began to go exercise regularly at the gym. When I leave, my sweat naturally starts to dry and what follows is a unbearable gnawing itch. It really starts after I take a shower, as soon as I get out I feel it coming on. It’s not uncomfortable, it’s to the point where I need to sit down and just wait for it to pass. I can’t think about anything else. If I were to try to stand up, my knees would just buckle, I tried to do the dishes once while experiencing this onset of itching - impossible.
  
    I’ve always had sensitive skin all my life. When I was younger, SLIGHTLY dirty pools would cause me to break out with red hives all over my body. They weren’t itchy. I went to the doctor multiple times, they had no explanation. A few years ago, I went to the bahamas. I had been sunburnt so bad that I developed « Hells Itch » hands down the worst thing I have dealt  with in my life, literal torture.
  
    Coming back to my itchy skin after working out, I don’t know what to do. Cold showers, hot showers,lotion; I don’t know what to do. I missed class this morning because I wasn’t able to put my shoes on due to the itching, I just held my ankles waiting for the hell to subdue.
  
    Does anybody have any f***ing idea what could possibly cause this? How can I treat this?

Article: 23F
  
    This place that I’m in is infested. So many attempts to get rid of them in the past FOUR. MONTHS. and they’re still here. No, I can’t hire an exterminator because of reasons I don’t wanna disclose (just please believe me, I would if I could). I thought they were finally dwindling, but what happened just now is….
  
    Just now I was making French fries. Got through the first batch. Was on the second when I noticed something that’s definitely not a fry frying in there. Yes, the dishes I was using were spotless and washed a hundred times over with soap, brand new sponges and all.
  
    I had a couple of the fries of the first batch. Now my brain is thinking, “what if it was already in the first and I didn’t notice?”. To be fair, I didn’t notice it floating around in there in the first batch.
  
    I’m yet another huge hypochondriac, I wanna throw up and can feel another panic attack coming. I hate this situation. Can anyone give any advice on this situation? I don’t even know what advice I’m looking for. I don’t know what else to do.

Article: Long story short, I am a user of steroids and have been for a short while, I've been using trenabalone enathate for the course of 3 weeks with weekly doses of 350 mg, I split them up and inject in my glutes twice a week, same spot every time.
  
    I have devolped a massive lump on the injection site, grew concerned I searched up on how to get rid of it and I read on Quara the best solution is by massaging the lump, I have done rubbed it but super hard for like 40 minutes and after wards I have devolped a massive head ache as I type right now. I am worried have I just made the medication absorb to quick? Or am I over reacting and will I be just fine?
  
    My information
  
    Age: 22
  
    Sex: M
  
    Height: 6'5
  
    Weight: 200 pounds
  
    Race: white
  
    Duration of complaint: today
  
    Location: Australia
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues: no
  
    Current medications: only Trenabalone enathate

Article: Hi I'm 23m.
  
    Mid august i played volleyball and was about to set the ball (push it up with two open hand finger push thing), but the ball was too low and it only hit my right thumb and bent it backwards (and maybe some downwards too). It caused a lot of pain so i took a short break but continued playing a bit more that day.
  
    The day after it still hurts a lot and i went to the doctor. He couldn't feel any instability in the thumb and said to keep it calm for some time.It got a little better with time. And i got it checked again two weeks later where i got told it's probably a sprain. Then two and a half month after the injury i went to the doctor again, and to make sure nothing was broken he took an x-ray.. Nothing was broken.
  
    Right now (three month after the injury) i have a little pain in the mcp joint when moved back and it just feels a little off in general. When holding my too hands clapped together, my injured thumb can't move as far back and there is some resistance in the movement. There is also clear visual differences around the thumb on the hand (pictures :D) https://imgur.com/a/TVo2zrG

    I am worried that my doctor has missed something because it's still not good and it feeling like somethings is in there. So i'm asking here, to see if i can get some help or advice! thx :D

Article: Please help me understand my urine test.
  
    Hi 28 year old female, i weigh 47 and suffer with ibs - c , gastritis and asthma
  
    I had a few urine dip stick test that showed a slight bladder infection but dr wasn’t too worried. This was about two weeks ago.
  
    I went in to a bad ibs flare up on Friday and started my period we assume. On Friday i was send for a lab test of my urine. I dont have any uti related symptoms i can distinguish from my ibs flare. Dont feel the urge to urinate often and no burning or pain. Still just suffering with my ibs flare up.
  
    Im starting antibiotics (azithromycin) for my sinus infection ( bad sinus problems for last 3 weeks and now have green plegm ) today but received my urine results and kind of freaking out that i have a really bad urine infection i have been ignoring and that its going to go septic.
  
    Do i leave the antibiotics for the sinus problems and do the urizone for the bladder and then do my sinuses infection antibiotics?
  
    Are these results very bad ??

Article: I was driving yesterday & without warning got light headed & experienced the weirdest thing with my vision. It was like my peripheral was narrowing in & shaky. I happened to be on speaker phone & said "I don't feel good I need to pull over" but while knowing this my body turned the car left very narrowly escaping an accident. I had a wave of nausea and I was able to pull off where the vision persisted for almost 2 minutes. When I would close my eyes I got like a strobe light effect and the only way I can explain it was my vision was shaky with black and white triangles. Once the dizziness and vision started to get normal again, I got a headache in the bak of my head on the right and felt my heart beating strong in there. It lasted only about 35 min. I felt so discombobulated but think that was anxiety from what had just happened scaring me so much! I also have blood pooling just in my fingertips which I’ve had before and may or may not be related but I wanted to mention in case. I don’t drink or smoke or use any drugs. I am 35, 150 pounds and I have been experiencing some weird autoimmune like symptoms for a year. They kick started after delivering my second baby. I’m 5 foot 6 and obviously really worried.

Article: Male, 25, not on any meds, 6ft4, don't drink or smoke - 290lbs
  
    From the test it looks like my Alanine Transaminase (ALT) and Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT) are out of range.
  
    I'm just worried that means that I've got liver damage and that it might be serious. Thanks for a help!
  
    Here are my results:
  
    Alanine Transaminase (ALT)
  
    Normal range: 10-50 U/L
  
    73
  
    Albumin
  
    Normal range: 35-50 g/L
  
    43
  
    Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)
  
    Normal range: 30-130 U/L
  
    54
  
    Gamma-glutamyl Transferase (GGT)
  
    Normal range: 1-55 U/L
  
    57
  
    Total Bilirubin
  
    Normal range: below < 21mu*mol / L
  
    16
  
    Total Protein
  
    Normal range: 60-80 g/L
  
    73
  
    Globulin
  
    Normal range: 20 - 35g / l
  
    24

Article: Hello I was wondering if anyone had an idea of what’s going on?
  
    Context: 23F, normal bmi & suffer from IBS
  
    Not always but sometimes when I stand up from sitting I get this pain in my right or along my abdomen it’s so hard to describe because it’s not like a sharp sudden pain but like a dragging/winded feeling? It stops me in my tracks and I have to stand to recover for a few seconds. it happened yesterday and today and a few times before in the past but I’m just unsure of what it could be?
  
    Thank you!

Article: 25F, 178lbs. This is an old  throwaway, i’m embarrassed and don’t want this on my main account.
  
    Semi recently, I had strep throat, which I experienced frequently. After several days of abx, I wasn’t had developed a cough, moderate chest pain and SOB on exertion, tachycardia 120’s-130’s, and fever. I was told to go to the ER by my manager, who is an experienced RN. I was too embarrassed to go to my hospital’s ER, so I went to the one across town.
  
    The provider essentially dismissed my symptoms - “you have a history of anxiety” (OCD, no medical fixations, no ER visits due to this ever), and “you’re probably fine but I’ll just give you some fluids, a CBC and a chest xray”. CBC was fine aside from elevated WBC’s, nothing crazy on chest xray, so they discharged me, essentially said it was just anxiety.
  
    I read the provider’s notes after my visit, something I never do, and they were kind of alarming. I realize that medical notes are easy to misinterpret, but it sounds incredibly biased to me.
  
    Some highlights-
  


    I have a couple medical conditions that run in my family. They are on being actively treated. I provided the info when asked in triage and I specifically remember because the provider mentioned knowing my rheumatologist. However, the only medical history specifically on the note was psych history (OCD, PTSD, and a years-old, inaccurate, bipolar 2 diagnosis). I see a psychiatrist who has confirmed I do not meet the criteria for bipolar. There is a note that states this under the diagnosis column on my patient profile.
  


    No mention of active strep infection and specifically states “no current medications”. I was on antibiotics and I take a couple medications that have some significant contraindications with other meds. Again, all on my profile and I went over my med list to the provider during my assessment.
  


    specific exam features are listed. She did not get within 5 feet of me, because if she had she may have seen the pustules in my throat and my 3+, bright red tonsils instead of listing it as “normal”
  


    “chronic conditions make the patient higher risk for panic disorder and hyperventilation”. Sure, I agree, but this comment out of context could be interpreted by another provider as if I’m a patient who is prone to drama.
  


    “problems related to certain psychosocial circumstances which significantly limit diagnosis and treatment”. This one upset me the most. I feel that it makes it seem like I am non compliant or not mentally competent, it’s essentially saying that my mental illness is preventing me from participating in my care.
  


    I have a good relationship with my regular doctors, I went through a couple notes from past visits and I saw no mention of any psych issues. I am worried that this note could affect a future provider’s assessment of my symptoms. I work at a hospital, I am medically literate, I’m a CNA working on getting into PA school. I’m not psychologically unstable or unable to recognize “anxiety”.
  
    If I’m completely misinterpreting this, please correct me.
  
    Also, the strep infection wasn’t treated by the first course of abx, something that happens in people who have frequent strep infections like I used to. I had to do another course and had RSV also. I found out later that day when my doc was able to squeeze me in between appointments. So no, it wasn’t “a panic attack”. Guess I’m glad I didn’t ignore it & end up with an actual life threatening problem!

Article: Hey i was at the doctor today because of breathlessness and back pain. Im a non smoker 22M. Height: 175Cm Weight: 66.5KG First of all my symptoms have gotten waaay better over last few weeks But i went to the doctor anyways since i had the appointment.
  
    First she took my weight which Said 61kg. Im pretty sure this is wrong since my own and friends weight thing says 66.5kg. After that i took the spirometer test and Got 4.0 liter Air, which she meant was low. And something under 70%. The spirometer they used also looked bad. There was tape Holding it together.
  
    While taking the test i blew all my Air Out in like under a second. And couldnt keep blowing. And she kept saying keep going But i was finished Way before. Is there a chance this result could be wrong?
  
    She looked kinda worried about my results which in return made me worried. But i feel so much better so i dont get it. Now that im worrying i feel breathlessness lol
  
    Quick note: i have No history with asthma or any lung or heart problem neither has my family

Article: 33M I had a sexual encounter Sunday the 29th that was protected besides some genital rubbing around my butt I was the receptive partner) 2-3 days after I started feeling tired and had chills and maybe a low grade fever, as well as sweating at night and a maybe swollen lymph node. After about a week the tiredness and those symptoms have subsided.
  
    It's day 15 since the encounter and the last few nights, l've been sweating at night a little and have some throat irritation as well a cough and a little diarrhea this morning. The condom didn't break after the actual encounter so I don't know why I got sick and are having these symptoms. I'm getting tested tomorrow doing a 4th Gen test. But should I really be worried about HIV? Someone please help!

Article: 19F, no known physical conditions.
  
    So I have always been able to pop my hips out of their sockets when I lean or put weight on either side. I can do it on command with no pain, I just feel it pop and you can physically see the side of my hip protrude out. It sometimes happens accidentally when I lean to one side but it mostly happens when its on purpose. I think it just goes back into place by itself when I stop leaning, all completely painless.
  
    I thought everyone could do this, but when i recently showed some people, they were freaked out and said that isn’t normal. So what does this mean? My mother 52F has hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis, and is in a lot of pain and is getting a hip replacement soon. Could this be a possible sign I am due for the same fate?

Article: Hi!
  
    I (F22, no use of drugs or alcohol, no conditions/use of medication) recently noticed these little bumps on my body, predominately on my arms & legs.
  
    This has never happened before (that I know of). A quick Google search states it could possibly be keratosis pilaris?
  
    The odd area itches here & there, but that’s it symptom wise (other than the view of the rash itself).
  
    Thanks!

Article: Age
  
    Sex
  
    Height
  
    Weight
  
    Race
  
    Duration of complaint
  
    Location
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues
  
    Current medications
  
    Include a photo if relevant

Article: [20 Male]  So, most of the times when I go to bed to sleep, the palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot. Sometime, uncomfortably so. Any idea why this happens. I am just curious, its been happening for around a year now.

Article: I am a 20 Male 6’0 170 smoker i got hit in the head with a small item really hard,My question is, can you die from a brain bleed if you haven’t experienced nausea or a major headache? Top right side of my head has been numb have had a super runny nose with a lot of clear mucus and had a bloody nose last two nights feel a little lightheaded but could just be sick(to clarify I don’t think I have one but I’m not entirely sure) was hit in forehead right above eye causing right side of scalp to go numb for days, still numb.

Article: Does masterbating cause face acne breakout?
  
    I know this from a couple of google search that masterbating does not cause any form of any acne breakout but the acne on my face only appears after masterbating. I (22m) have been off 2 weeks since and my face has no sign on of acne . Why does it happen only after masterbating?

Article: 23f
  
    I am getting a loop recorder implant and I forgot to inform my doctor that I use kratom. I will be sedated for the procedure, I believe it’ll be twilight zone sedation. Can kratom affect the effectiveness of the anesthesia? If so, how long should I stop using before the procedure? Thanks:)
  
    And I know kratom can affect liver function, my AST/ALT are great, although AST is lower than normal. I get blood work done quite frequently. My dose is low.
  
    Medical history:
  


    lupus nephritis
  


    aortic aneurysm
  


    bicuspid aortic valve
  


    unspecified arrhythmia
  


    Other meds:
  


    Prozac 60mg
  


    Seroquel 100mg
  


    Klonopin 0.5mg
  


    birth control
  


    Qulipta
  


    Rizatriptan 10mg
  


    Vitamin D supplements

Article: Female 30, hx of Asthma, Migraines, ADHD.
  


    -Meds taken: Vyvanse, Dextroamphetamine, Cyclobenzaprine, Mounjaro, Trelegy, Flonase, Allegra, birth control pill, Allegra
  


    Vitamins taken: B100 complex, flaxseed oil, magnesium glycinate & citrate, L Theanine, NALT, cod liver oil, ginseng, chlorophyll, probiotics, coq10, MSM, GABA, gingko, L Tyrosine.
  


    -ISSUE: severe pain & tingling in back. Pain radiating into lower back, shoulder, arm, neck
  
    I’ve been having issues with my back since March, but it has never been as severe as it is now.
  
    In March I started getting increased back pain accompanied by tingling. The tingling would come and go and so would the pain. I got an x ray of my neck which showed my cervical spine was completely straight. I bought a cervical pillow & it helped a lot.
  
    Now since this past Friday, I have been having the worst pain & discomfort ever. The pain is constant & it’s mostly on the right side of my back in the trapezius area. In addition to the constant pain, I am also getting shooting pains & spasms into my shoulder, arm, hand, neck, & down my back & constant really intense tingling.
  
    It hurts when I sit up and also while laying down. It literally feels like static/pins & needles are in my back, especially on the right side and it’s super intense. The right side of my back is the main & most severe area of pain but I’m feeling pain all over my back.
  
    The spasms & shooting pains are so severe it stops me in my tracks & these spasms shoot into multiple places with no rhyme or reason.
  
    Also, if I press a certain area in my clavicle area and move my shoulder, there’s a click/pop sensation. I have neck pain as well but primarily on the right side.
  
    I’ve tried my massage gun, muscle relaxers, pain meds, hot bath, hot shower, stretching, heating paid, ice pack.. none of this has helped. It’s getting worse with each passing day. I have an appt with my primary doc Thursday, but I’m not sure I can last that long. My neuro treats my migraines & the original back issue, but for whatever reason, he just isn’t sending me for any imaging.
  
    I am thinking a possible herniated disc, & the tingling could be coming from a nerve being compressed, but I’m unsure.
  
    I know I need imaging of my back done as there is something really wrong with my back. I am trying to avoid the ER & wait for my appointment.
  
    What could this be? I am trying to emphasize to my doctor that this is not normal and it’s making me miserable. Can someone please help me?

Article: Male, 2 months old, 14 pounds, unsure of length. No medications, no medical conditions or concerns, and no vaccines.
  
    Last Sunday he developed a cough, which unfortunately wasn’t surprising as our 16 month old son had been coughing for a few days (and the whole house eventually became sick). By the Wednesday, we were concerned with the cough so we brought him into emerg. I’m in Canada and it was impossible to find a paediatric walk-in clinic. At the hospital, they swab for all the viruses (covid, RSV, rhino, etc.) and say that they’ll call us if it’s positive. No news is good news. And we were sent home with what to look for if he gets any worse.
  
    We never received a call.
  
    By the Saturday, he was worse - mild retractions, mild fever, cough worse, making gasping noises before his cough. So we brought him back to emerg. We informed triage, our nurse, and the doctor that we were here on Tuesday and that we did not receive a call from the swab. I asked if we can swab again because he clearly had something. The doctor finally (after already waiting 5 hours to be seen) says that she’ll check the results from Tuesday, and go from there.
  
    She comes back within 5 minutes and says that our results from Tuesday were actually positive for RSV. At this point it was taken very seriously - respiratory specialist, sinuses sucked out, pediatrician showed up quickly, stats run again.
  
    I cannot behind to explain the frustration and anger. Not one person at the hospital apologized or expressed that this never should have happened. It was entirely glossed over. We’re literally shocked at the change in how everything was handled before and after finding out he was positive.
  
    Can we consider not receiving this call as negligence? Should we be making a complaint, and if so, where? This type of thing should never happen.

Article: Male - 31
  
    For the last few weeks, I have been peeing more often than I should be, sometimes, around every  hour but other times it can be 5 hours, depending on fluid intake. I don’t have to get up in the night to pee but it all starts to kick off during the day, which is getting in the way of work.
  
    I have been to the Drs, had a urine test, everything came back clear (UTI, diabetes, bladder c, kidney function) I do have a follow up on the 28th November but just come here to see if anyone has the same symptoms.
  
    I have recently just moved home and I must admit, when doing work round the house, my fluid intake for the last few months has mostly been the diet cans. (Coke Zero, Pepsi max) I don’t know if that could have triggered something.  I also did a lot of bike riding for charity through the spring and summer, I don’t know if that could’ve aggravated something. I’ve also struggling a bit with anxiety for the last couple years and it always heightens when health related.
  
    I have had this happen before around 6 years ago, where I randomly started peeing a lot more, just like today but it cleared up after a couple weeks and even then, a urine sample showed nothing. I’ve read about prostatitis and what not but I’m really not sure.
  
    Cheers for the help!

Article: White 26 Year old Male, 110lbs 5" 3'. Over 1 year history of dizziness, headache and minor speech slurring. I just got a head MRA no contrast, and it looks...very strange to my limited knowledge. One artery is much shorter, and neither cerebral artery seems to have much branching like I see in other head MRA images. Does this look normal? I'm wondering if there's images I wasn't provided (theres like 200+, but the anterior circulation is throwing me off.) Previous head MRI showed nothing.
  
    Current medical issues are hypertension, acid reflux and possible ear infection.
  
https://imgur.com/a/cRBIQbV

Article: Female 33 5’8” 209lbs Teacher (relevant) 3 year old son (relevant)
  
    I have an appointment with my PCP Friday, but help me here. Is this normal?
  
    I was very careful during 2020-2021 because I had an infant son. I never got sick. Even the prior 9 years I had been teaching, I never got sick. Maybe once per year. In 2022 I caught all my son’s daycare bugs it seemed, and then I got Covid once.
  
    Then May 2023 - my son and I got strep. I hadn’t had strep in 10 years! Fine. Daycare bug. Then in July, he got strep again. I did not. Then in August I got hit with strep and Covid. He got strep again. In September, he and I got a stomach virus, and I got some weird respiratory virus. On Oct 27 I got Covid again. Yesterday. I got strep, AGAIN!!!!
  
    Relevant info : I teach 6-8 band class. Germ city, but I have always taught that class. 11 years. The last 2 years, 3 and 4 year old music has been added to my daily routine. Could this really be normal? My immunity never sucked before. Maybe the pre k exposure?
  
    Also notable, in 2021 at my last big bloodwork, my vitamin d levels were “barely low” and she didn’t check them in 2022. Maybe my d levels are causing this? I don’t supplement, I was taking elderberry.
  
    What’s wrong with me?!

Article: I have a skin issue from a young age. Somehow, it's yellowish and pale. I don't have jaundice. I've been struggling with anemia for more than 10 years. It's not something serious, but I regularly take iron tablets. I do blood tests, and the doctor says everything is fine, my liver is functioning properly, and my bilirubin is slightly elevated, likely due to genetics (?). Overall, I'm a healthy person. I'm wondering if anyone has had a similar issue and how they resolved it?
  
    How can I decrease bilirubin?

Article: Ok so I'm a 26 year old African american male who has had significant uneven skintone since middleschool from about age fourteen. I believe I started getting severe acne at the age of 12 and about two years later I still had acne but also I noticed my skin on face and neck was about 4 shades darker than the rest of me except for maybe my nose. I'm wondering what may be the underlying cause for this and also what I might could do about this.  I've been to a dermatologist in my teenage years and he told me something like I probably had some sort of infection within my body wich was causing my skin to discolor and gave me some cream but it never really worked but in all honesty I probably never used it consistently.

Article: 20F, So for context, I'm on the first day of my period. I woke up experiencing some discomfort and the urge to use the bathroom. It's not unusual for me to have light diarrhea and cramps during my period, but typically, it's manageable. However, this time, my abdominal pain got very unbearable shortly after going to the bathroom, and I began feeling extremely nauseous. I vomited clear fluid multiple times and experienced cold sweats and extreme dizziness. I'm really not exaggerating the pain. My periods are usually uncomfortable but not painful. I hardly even feel them. I have never experienced this level of pain and discomfort from my cycle before. This is embarrassing to admit, but I literally collapsed on the floor and started crying. It felt like I was dying lol I took Panadol (paracetamol) an hour ago, and I'm feeling a bit better. Now for the questions: Is this a normal side effect of my period, or could it be something else like food poisoning, etc..? I have not been eating well the last couple of days..

Article: 40s female, a few months back I had some pain and I ended up in the ER. Several tests later, I had one positive blood culture. A second sample the next day was negative. This prompted me to search for info about the organism, which led me to a lot of research articles on the NLR. I calculated mine from that ER visit and it was 27. A week or so later it was around 10. It’s finally back below 3, but I was inspired to review my years old medical records to see where mine has been, since it looks like my NLR should be less than 3 to indicate good health. Historically, very few of my samples were Les than 3. For a period of 3 years they were above 4, and a year ago mine was 10.
  
    Does this mean that I have constant inflammation or possibly some kind of underlying condition?
  
    Does the NLR matter at all?
  
    After reading the articles I did, I thought my numbers were off the charts, but they’ve been this way for a long time, at least 20 years, so I must be fine. The outcomes for people in the studies with NLR higher than 3 were poor, so I was a bit concerned, but am not losing sleep over it. It’s more of a curiosity. My doctor never mentions NLR, so maybe it’s not something common to look at.

Article: My daughter (12F, 60 inches, 85 lbs) broke her hip about 5 weeks ago. She had 3 screws put in to reattach the femoral head. She’s doing really well, but she’s developed a pretty severe itchy rash around her incision sites (I will post a picture in the comments.)  She is miserable and is having a hard time sleeping.
  
    I’ve looked it up online trying to find the best match to her symptoms and how to help her… I’m just guessing, but it appears it may be an allergic reaction to the adhesive used to close the incisions.
  
    I have left a message for her surgeon, but it may be up to 3 days before anything happens. I have also tried Urgent Care, but they won’t see her since it is related to her surgery.
  
    What should I use in the meantime? Cortisone cream or Benadryl cream? Would an oral antihistamine help?
  
    She’s not on any medications, no known allergies previous to this and otherwise healthy. We are in the U.S.
  
    Thank you for any advice.

Article: Sharing report of my nieces, she is now entering 5th year, last seizure was in 2021, today received the report, her doctor appointment not available till Feb 2024,
  
    Current medicine: levera 2 and 2.5 Ml BD
  
    Image of report attached.
  
https://ibb.co/ZJcvMXQ

Article: For the better part of almost a decade I have had a great decline in both physical and mental health. Went through a plethora of different medications, therapy, you name it. Just about all of the medications seemed to HELP but never significantly resolve the underlying issues. I understand psychiatric medication is never supposed to "cure" the issue but rather help it somewhat substantially. Every medication ive been on even at VERY high dosages i could tell wasnt working as effectively as it should be at all. Ever since i was approximately 15 years old a storm of symptoms all hit me at once; increase in weight (roughly 80 pounds in 1 year), horrible lethargy, anhedonia, focus, concentration, excess sleeping upwards of in frequent cases quite literally 18 hours, extreme decline in memory, agitation, hair thinning, joint fatigue, strange pressure on my neck causing occasional "voice cracks", depression and anxiety, I mean you name it. Just about EVERY symptom of hypothyroidism/Hashimoto thyroid disease lines up so perfectly its almost comedic. (outside of mensural problems obviously). Also a family history of Thyroid issues.
  
    Coming from a family that was never actually on top of health at all, ever, I have always suspected something was physically wrong causing all, or at least a large portion of these aliments, not just "you have bad mental health because you have bad mental health". I did my own research (a lot of it actually doctorial backed articles not just random google searches) and come across thyroid issues as a possible cause for elevation of these symptoms. Now when i say my family was not on top of my health, i mean i literally didnt know you were even supposed to see your blood test results. I thought doctors only called you if something seemed very wrong. When i called my doctor to review my at the time most recent blood test from Jan 2022 in suspicion that a thyroid problem COULD be a cause i come to find out my TSH level was at 4.7. A few months ago i find out its down to 3.7, and now 3.5 as of writing this. Acceptable range for all of these tests are .5-4.2 TSH. Now heres where i start to question things.
  
    When i was doing this research I come to find that anything above a TSH of 2.5+ is cause for general concern. Especially in your 20's and especially when you are male. A medication I have been on for the longest on and off is the tricyclic antidepressant Clomipramine which i was prescribed upwards of 200mg. Ive noticed being on clomipramine would induce pretty severe derealization/depersonalization which I didnt discover until very recently. That test from early 2022? Very sure I was on clomipramine. My most recent test of 3.5 TSH? havent been on clomipramine for around 5 months now with somewhat substantial cognitive improvement leading me to believe there is a direct connection between TSH level and my general wellbeing. Worth noting my ESR (or SED) rate was 28 (normal range for males under 50 being <15) and a low ALK PHOS both of which happen to be seen in those with some sort of thyroid issue including thyroid disease. I have an elevated cholesterol level as well.
  
    BOTH doctors I have been to within the last 4 months immediately disregarded the possibility of thyroid issues to be a root cause of my symptoms. My second doctor at least mentioned the possibility of rheumatoid arthritis causing my issues which just came back to be negative. My question is are my recent blood work samples any indicator of thyroid issues at all? Or are all the doctors right in completely dismissing the idea of it being a thyroid issue simply because thyroid issues are "unlikely at my age and sex"?

Article: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
  
    I'm 57M, FrenchHello,I fell down the stairs two weeks ago, and now I'm resting at home with painkillers (Tramadol and paracetamol), and a shoulder immobilizer that keeps my left arm fixed to my body. I have two questions:1/ I try not to overuse painkillers (2 a day), which means I can feel pain in my shoulder when changing positions, or obviously when I try to dress myself. I wonder if by masking the pain by taking pills every six hours, I might inadvertently make movements that could jeopardize the healing of my shoulder.2/ After two weeks of immobilization, I've started to use my left hand a little, which "sticks out" of my shoulder immobilizer (for example, to cut food on my plate). Is it advisable to do this, or should I aim for complete immobilization of the arm and hand?
  
    Thanks!

Article: I’m a 24m, I had a ruptured aneurysm in my aca (might be the wrong abbreviation) and another one growing. I had a bad case of asthma, After my surgery I’am able to to run around and do all sorts of activities with out any inhalers or nebulizer. Im curious, did my aneurysm surgery fix that?

Article: I've been sick since Thursday night, when it started with little flares of dizziness. The sweats started the next day - just sitting at my desk, I'll have beads of sweat rolling down my face, completely soaking my shirt. I've been exhausted, sleeping about 80% of the last few days. I wake enough to pee, take ibuprofen and drink some water, then pass out again. I'm also getting these throbbing pulses in both ears, four or five at a time. Similar to the feeling when you pop your ear? Not painful, but definitely affecting the dizziness
  
    I finally bit the bullet and went to urgent care on Saturday, and they referred me to the ED. Got fluids, EKG, CBC, basic metabolic profile. I was pretty out of it while I was there, tbh. The fluids helped and the dizziness did decrease, so they sent me home with a prescription for meclyzine and zofran and wished me luck. Now it's two days later and I'm only marginally better, still nowhere near functioning.
  
    I'll attach lab results in the comments. I was especially interested in folks take on the EKG, because once they did it, they never mentioned it to me again, but in my record, it notes an abnormal rhythm.
  
    I do have an appointment with my primary care doctor tomorrow, but honestly I'm freaking out here. I've been this sick for four days with minimal improvement, it doesn't feel like a "standard" cold to me, and my health anxiety is off the charts right now. Please, any thoughts would be so helpful.
  
    Personal background: 34 AFAB, only diagnosis currently is major depressive disorder. Medications: duloxetine, buspirone, truvada, testosterone, citalopram, lamotrigine, Adderall. Adderall and testosterone both have caused sweating in the past, but not to this extent once my doses were stabilized.

Article: Male
  


    34 Years Old
  


    USA
  


    I received my ABI results abs everything appears to be normal. I’m trying to see how the result of 1.29 and 1.09 were calculated based off the results.
  


    Result 1 - https://ibb.co/X43Fqr2



    Result 2 - https://ibb.co/wWGhMzG



    Can anyone explain how they got 1.29 and 1.09 for my ABI results?

Article: Age 36
  
    Sex m
  
    Height 6ft
  
    Weight 205
  
    Race Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint 2 weeks
  
    Location USA
  
    Roughly two weeks ago I was playing volleyball and I heard and felt a large “pop” in my right hamstring. I went to the convenient care near me and they poked my leg about 4 times and said crutches for a few days and I’d be fine in two weeks.
  
    Went to see an orthopedic doctor and he also poked me about 4 times and said crutches for two weeks and then take it easy for a few months. I can still barely walk without crutches. I can’t sit upright or drive without terrible pain. They didn’t give me pain killers (which I didn’t really ask for) but they told me ibuprofen would suffice and it does nothing.
  
    Should I seek a third opinion? I did some basic googling and based on my pain and lack of mobility combined with the pop I should at least have an mri or something. I would also really like to not have a terrible limp for the rest of my life. Am I overreacting? I’ve never felt this much pain or had an injury this severe in my life.

Article: Hello docs of reddit, I would very much appreciate your input on this.
  
    My wife (31, normally healthy) just got her PAP test results. All are negative, except: Neutrophil: many Metaplastic epithelium: yes Squamous epithelium: yes
  
    Conclusion of the test is: Cellular elements indicative of malignancy were not observed in the examined smears. Icon of inflammation.
  
    First question is, are these indicative of HPV? And second, are they worrying?
  
    Ps, the test is in Greek, so im trying my best to translate. Thank you in advance ✌️

Article: 21F Ht: 165cm Wt: 55kg
  
    Honestly I should've listened better to my OR booking nurse and pre-screening nurse. I have breast surgery on Wednesday morning and just wondering how long I should fast for. Should it be 24 hours before or 8 hours (so no food, liquids, gum, etc) I says on my document that I can have 250ml of water the morning of as long as it's 2-3 hours before. Just says no food after midnight so would that be 12am Tuesday or 12am Wednesday?
  
    Sorry, it's just my first surgery and I'm hella nervous. Not only for the surgery but the results of my tumour/lump

Article: My A1C was a 4.8 which I hear is normal . Should I still be worried about getting diabetes? It runs on both sides of my family and several of my family members have it. Also I'm 41 ,and I am 6'3 275 pounds. When I looked at my test results online they said the medical staff has not actually reviewed them yet so I haven't gotten to talk to anyone about what these numbers mean. I admit I am so addicted to sugar that I get nauseous when I try not to eat it. My doctor says I should try sugar free candy to wean myself off sugar.I also struggle with not drinking sugary drinks moreso than candy. I feel I have to have juice with meals. But I hear that sugar doesn't cause diabetes. Is this true?

Article: Age 19
  
    Sex Female
  
    Height 5’10
  
    Weight 180
  
    Race White
  
    Duration of complaint Years
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues No
  
    Current medications No
  
    I'm 19 I don't play any sports, but usually at night starting from a couple inches above my knees to below them they ache fiercely for hours. It's only when my knees feel like this that I can press done on them and the bone kinda gives away and I hear/feel a crunchy sound. I get this feeling in my teeth too it's not really like tooth ache pain but a throbbing aching discomfort that last for days. Do I have something to worry about?

Article: 29F, 162lbs
  
    Possibly Relevant Conditions:
  


    EDS
  


    Autonomic dysfunction (Postural Hypotension, Tachycardia, PACs/PVCs)
  


    Migraines
  


    Scoliosis
  


    Bertolotti’s Syndrome (sacralization of L5)
  


    Lumbar disc degeneration
  


    Mild bulging disc at L4-L5
  


    Early stage hypothyroidism (suspected hashimotos)
  


    Medications:
  


    Gabapentin
  


    Atenolol
  


    Desvenlafaxine
  


    Atomoxetine
  


    Nurtec
  


    Yaz hormonal birth control
  


    Prefacing with this: this post is more out of curiosity than worry of serious harm. I’ll start by saying that I’ve had several corticosteroid injections with lidocaine in lumbar facet joints and a pseudo-articulation joint (from congenital sacralization of L5). I have also had RFA at lumbar facet joints. Despite some anxiety around needles, I tolerated those procedures just fine. Mild soreness around the injection area was really the only short-term side effect for all of these.
  
    After the procedures above failed to adequately treat the pain that I continue to have in my lower back and down my left leg, my pain specialist recommended trying an epidural steroid injection. It included lidocaine, corticosteroid, and contrast. I had the procedure (left L4-L5) and the experience was about the same as the others during it. Immediately after, I noticed my left leg was somewhat weaker, but not really enough to cause concern. I iced the injection area when I got home. A few hours later, I started to feel a weird swollen, tingly/numb sensation in both of my legs and, strangely, my arms. No rash or itching. The arms were really weird because it felt like I had someone squeezing my forearms tightly and was struggling to type at my normal rate. My left leg was noticeably weak when walking up stairs, and I think had foot drop because I kept getting annoyed by my shoe scraping on the ground. When undressing, I noticed mild edema in my arms and legs, so I took my blood pressure. It was slightly elevated 139/90, but that is more abnormal for me since mine usually runs low to the point of pre-syncope at times. My heart rate was spiking to 140 from just walking around the house. It can be tachy sometimes but usually doesn’t go above 120 during a brisk walk around the block as long as I’ve taken my atenolol. I also had a headache. However, when I woke up the next morning, I was completely back to normal with only the injection site soreness.
  
    I told my doctor about all of this, and asked if it was possibly an adverse reaction to the steroid. I know oral steroids can cause edema and other issues, but it seems strange for local steroids to have that kind of systemic effect. He said it was unlikely, and that maybe I had something else going on that coincidentally showed symptoms at the same time. He then scheduled me for a second epidural injection since the first only gave me relief for about a week.
  
    I had the second injection yesterday and had the exact same side effects with the addition of moderate nausea. I was uncomfortable enough that I had to take a break from work to lie down for a few hours. I elevated my limbs and iced my back all day but that didn’t seem to make much of a difference. The symptoms are starting to wear off now thankfully. And hopefully the pain relief actually lasts more than a week this time. I’m not worried about anything long term like nerve damage since it seems temporary, but it is driving me nuts to not understand what is causing this strange reaction.
  
    Could it be sensitivity to the local contrast? I don’t think contrast was used in the non-epidural injections . But I’ve had IV contrast for an MRI years ago with no issues. Could it be a reaction between contrast and one of my medications? I know gaba can have fluid retention as a side effect, but I’ve been on it for several years with no issues. The only new meds since prior injections are the Desvenlafaxine and Atomoxetine, which I’ve been on for around 5 months.
  
    If you have any ideas about the cause or if I can do anything to prevent it for future injections, it would be greatly appreciated.
  
    TLDR: Edema and tingling in limbs, leg weakness and foot drop on left side, elevated BP and HR, headache, and nausea beginning around 3 hours after left L4-L5 epidural steroid injection with lidocaine and contrast, and lasting for 10-12 hours. Happened on 2 separate occasions. Need advice about cause and how to prevent.

Article: Hi. 45y/o female who is scheduled for a REDO lap hiatal hernia repair with fundoplication end of month. Also having terrible female issues with cysts, fibroid and endometrium and myometrium issues. Looking at a possibility of hysterectomy. How long do you wait between surgeries so that its safer? Freaking out. Any help would be appreciated.

Article: i’ve been having trouble falling asleep for the past two weeks or so and i don’t really know why. i’ve never had this problem in my life nor have my relatives/parents.
  
    i’m a 20 year old male, i usually go to uni almost every day + try to go to the gym 3 times a week, so i get relatively tired before the day ends (although now i just stay at home because of my sleep problem). i don’t drink or smoke.
  
    i go to bed at 11-12 pm and either can’t sleep till like 6-7 in the morning or fall asleep for 2-3 hours, then wake up and can’t fall back asleep. i don’t remember my last 8 hour sleep, feels like ages ago. also, i can feel when i’m about to pass out but then it’s like someone snaps their fingers and i’m wide awake again and my brain is on full-power mode, i keep reciting lyrics from random songs, thinking about some absolutely random stuff and just feel like i’m on adderall or cocaine or something (i haven’t done any of those). moreover, when i’m about to fall asleep i feel some sort of chest pressure (?) and get scared (?) for like 2-3 seconds until it ends. and lastly, i always move my legs and can’t find “the right position” to rest them in because my knees and/or ankles start to just really hurt after some time. with that, i get random twitches of my leg or arm when i’m about to fall asleep (i’ve read somewhere that it’s just the brain checking whether i’m alive or not lol)
  
    i’ve tried some of our local pills that have doxylamine in them (i’m not from any of the english speaking countries so the name of the pills won’t ring any bells, probably), and they’ve helped for a day or two, but then it was back to me having insomnia again. i don’t really know what to do next so i figured i might just ask you guys for advice before consulting a neurologist in my home town. any ideas on why i can’t fall asleep? thank you.

Article: There’s this outdoor or stray cat that’s been coming out to my backyard while I’m out, today it actually trusted me enough to let me pet it and after about a min or two of petting it gave me a quick but light bite while I was petting it around its neck. I’m guessing it was just a don’t touch me there bite, it didn’t break skin. The cat never hissed at me even after or before. Even let me carry it for a little bit prior to this. Didn’t see it drooling or anything, was generally pretty relaxed besides this.
  
    I know next to nothing about cats though and now a little worried about infection or rabies lol..
  
    Here’s an image of the scratch/bite: https://imgur.com/a/KIml0aY

    Any opinions ?

Article: Dear doctors,
  
    Male
  
    27
  
    180cm
  
    75kg
  
    non smoker non drinker
  
    Expat in China
  
    We have ruled out autoimmune disease and thyroid issues.
  
    My face would flush at certain times of the day, usually towards the evening between 4-8pm. It can last for hours, averaging around two. I would flush shortly after having a meal or sitting down after a long walk, but would also flush if I skip one or am hungry and tired. I thought it's a blood sugar issue despite exercising all the time and eating a simple diet. People often ask me if I'm drunk or am a drinker because I look  like a lobster,
  
    Google tells me I have cancer. How likely is it?

Article: 54F, Gastroparesis, LPR, on meds for both and topiramate for migraines.
  
    I am having gallbladder surgery at 11:30 am. I stopped food and liquids at midnight. Since this was just scheduled yesterday, I have to do labs and an EKG in the morning. I am up dry heaving and sooo nauseous. Can I take Zofran?

Article: Female 125 lbs 5'0 Mixed race Taking iron tablets
  
    Every so often I get these scratch like  marks. In a straight dotted line that sometimes burn when they first appear. I have it's and low iron

Article: I am 23M,  I've had a hair fall problem but treated it by consulting a doctor. Recently I've shifted to another city where hair fall has started again due to the hard water, like literally the amount of hair I had grown back had started to fall. Now I'm back to square one.
  
    If I start the treatment again, providing all the possible measures taken, would that help again?

Article: I'm 31 male working retail. I have a fever of 103, and I've been puking and diarrhea with throat irritation. I feel as though it might be covid. I've had it a pair of times before. I just dont waste the hospital time and take a bed from someone who is worse for ware. If it helps, I work around 40 hours and am around customers and coworkers at all times almost. So, hopefully, that is enough info. I'm semi active, but I don't work out. Just working is my exercise. Thank you for your time if you read this. I have Gerd and dyspepsia, too.

Article: Medical condition prior to May 2021:
  
    22M, 5ft. 11in., 160lbs, Caucasion, Canada, Casual drinker (once per month), No drugs, no smoking. Perfect health my entire life. No food allergies. No medical conditions. Perfectly happy. Healthy relationship. High paying job. No stress. No school. CAN work 12+ hours without fatigue. Daily runner. Daily strength training. 7-8 hours of restful sleep. Healthy diet. Lots of water. Enough rest. No history of anxiety. No medication. No positive tests ever for COVID-19 (even until present).
  
    TIMELINE:
  
    June 2021:
  
    First COVID-19 Vaccine dose. I am pro vax. Nothing unusual followed other than arm pain and fatigue. I am including my vaccine status because these are the only vaccines I have a record of getting recently. Maybe this information helps. I get the flu vaccine yearly, and I am vaccinated for other common illnesses from when I was the appropriate age for those.
  
    July 2021:
  
    Second COVID-19 Vaccine dose. More arm pain and fatigue. Still nothing unusual.
  
    August 2021:
  
    Daily pressure in head at work or at home resting (not headaches, PRESSURE). Daily brain fog. Poor concentration. Poor memory. Depersonalization. Poor emotional stability. Poor conversation skills. Poor word recall. Wake up tired. Poor sleep quality. Poor ability to perform tasks. Lack of spatial awareness and worsening hand-eye coordination. No change in daily routine. Same sleep schedule and work schedule. Extreme fatigue and tiredness.
  
    September 2021-October 2021:
  
    Worsening daily symptoms. Forced to stop exercising as frequently or at the same intensity due to fatigue. Head pressure would last all day long, even on days off. Went to hospital for it. Doctors shrugged it off and gave me ibuprofen. Ibuprofen does not help symptoms. Recommended neurologist appointment.
  
    November 2021:
  
    Neurologist suspects hypothyroidism. Labs come back normal. Neurologist suspects anxiety. Anxiety meds do not help. Stopped seeing neurologist because these symptoms do not seem to stem from anxiety and there is no reason for me to be anxious besides the symptoms. The symptoms CAUSE anxiety. Not vice versa.
  
    December 2021:
  
    3rd COVID-19 Vaccine Dose. General practitioner initial appointment. I didn't have one for 3-4 years because I had no need. GP sends me to immunologist, respirologist, ENT, dentist, eye exam, full blood panel, chest CT scan, head CT scan, head MRI, blood oxygen test, breathing test, sleep test, and ECG over the course of the next few months.
  
    Immunologist- Normal
  
    Respirologist- Newly onset asthma (prescribed BREO steroid inhaler)
  
    ENT- Normal
  
    Dentist- 5 cavities (never had one before 2021)
  
    Eye Exam- Normal
  
    Blood Panel- 1:80 Nuclear AB Titre (Doctor said it's normal) vitamins normal, hormones normal, high Bilirubin
  
    Chest CT- Minor calcification of lung tissue
  
    Head CT- Sinus mucosal thickening
  
    Head MRI- Normal
  
    Blood Oxygen- Normal
  
    Sleep Study- Normal
  
    Breathing Test- Asthma
  
    ECG- Sinus Bradycardia
  
    Blood Pressure- 100 High Number, 60 Low
  
    Stool Sample- Normal
  
    Urine Sample- Normal
  
    January 2021:
  
    Sound begins to occur while breathing in deeply. This is new. This was discovered to be asthma. The inhaler prevents me from making noise while breathing but does not help any other symptoms.
  
    February 2021 to Present:
  
    New symptoms. New symptoms include shortness of breath, post exertion malaise, loose stools, GI discomfort, muscle pain, joint problems, chest pain, and hair loss. I stopped exercising completely because it makes things worse. Rest days are the best days. Over time, initial symptoms (head pressure and brain fog) occur less frequently. This may be because I started resting more, and cut hours at work down by half. Head pressure comes only every few days. Brain fog is on and off each day. Fatigue is worse some days, but not always like before. Starting to see the light, but new symptoms make it difficult. Need to know how to become as close to symptom free as possible. This condition is ruining my life. I may quit working permanently until things improve further.
  
    General practitioner orders literally any test I ask for. She is amazing. She does not assume that this illness stems from a psychological aspect. GP from this point has NO IDEA WHERE TO GO. When I asked her what to do from here her words were "I don't know".
  
    Anyone with an idea of what condition this may be is appreciated. Anyone with an idea of what to ask my GP from here on out is appreciated.
  
    I am at my wits end. My top theories are long covid from an asymptomatic infection (or one that felt like a common cold) or some type of other autoimmune disease.

Article: Am i okay?
  
    My teeth have been acting up and i tried to make an appointment at the dentist, i sent her a picture of my under tongue out of concern since i was worried about some bumps that had appeared out of nowhere (the same picture can be found on my last post) and she just said that i couldnt even come in for a check up until it goes away

Article: Hey all. 23 male United States 210 pounds. Im prone to tonsil stones most likely because depression makes me not brush nearly as often as I should. But I recently just noticed this strange nodule in the back of my mouth where it kinda transitions from mouth to throat. I also have felt like I’ve had hair in the back of my throat for the past week or so and I’m getting slightly concerned… please give me any assistance you can!
  
https://imgur.com/a/wnxk8bL

Article: Age: 22, Male
  
    Height: 170cm
  
    Weight: 75kgs
  
    Medications: Biotin
  
    Duration until reporting: 1-2 Days
  
    I’m not a frequent or a regular drinker, but after two consecutive nights of heavy drinking, I ended up puking black vomit. This happened thrice in a matter of a couple hours. Is this something to be worried about? Feeling fine internally, no other problems as such. Just concerned about the black vomit even tho didn’t consume food that was black coloured P.S. No drinking until the end of the year :)

Article: I took my 2 year old (M) to a family members house today, around 5 hours ago. Little did I know said family member was a hoarder. I left almost as soon as I got there (or at least as soon as i could make up an excuse) and after getting home I just kept worrying my son mightve gotten ahold of and eaten something without my knowledge. He never indicated he did, he showed no signs of swallowing anything or being in pain afterwards. I just have really harsh anxiety and I dont want to take him to the ER when its a 99% chance that he did not in fact swallow anything because I watched him so closely. This is strictly just a... if he did, would i know by now? Question to ease my anxiety. Thank you.

Article: So today for the second time in a week I woke up to intense shaking and feeling extremely cold. This time around though, I’m slowly losing feeling on the right side of my body. It started on my right arm and slowly moved to my right hand, right side of my neck, back and right leg.
  
    Is this an emergency? I can’t figure out what it could be.
  
    Information about me: Age: 22 Sex: female Height: 158cm Weight: 45kg Race: black Duration of complaint: 5 days Location: head Any existing relevant medical issues: have had migraines before and symptoms of vertigo ? Current medications: none

Article: 17YO male The tip of my elbow gets very sore when I do these exercises as well as my tendons feel like they’re sort of flexing and moving around which is hard to explain. I don’t feel the pain when I use my triceps for other things like push ups but the pain is seriously inhibiting my progress in the gym with every tricep exercise other than pushups

Article: 27F, 225 lbs, 5’8. I vape regularly but hardly ever drink, no recreational drugs at all. I take 30mg Cymbalta every day for anxiety and depression. I had a spiglean hernia repair today, the hernia was on my left side and the surgery was done robotically, I have a constant ache on my left side now and can not sleep to save my life. I have slept an a cumulative hour since I got home from the hospital around 3pm. I was prescribed 5mg Percocet and have taken it every four hours since 2pm yesterday. I am going to call my surgeon tomorrow and ask for something different bc I don’t think it’s helping the way it should. In the mean time, can I take a second one to try and sleep? Or maybe even a half of one? TIA!

Article: 25 Male, 5'10", 280 lbs, Mixed race, Drink occasionally, don't smoke.
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/UCkYyrU

    I have had a persistent, itchy rash that doesn't go away with treatment, started out around 3 inches in diameter but has now spread to my armpit. It's red in color and and has little bumps. I noticed two days ago that there was a lump in my armpit about an inch long and half an inch wide . It's somewhat hard and the skin around it is dark/purpleish. I'm really worried it's cancer and I don't have insurance. If I sign up for short term insurance now I'll have to wait 30 days before I can to a doctor or else they wont cover any of the costs. Should I go now and shoulder the entire cost of an entire treatment plan, or wait in case it's nothing/a month wouldn't make a difference if it cancer? Do you think it's something I should be worried about?

Article: Some nights I'll randomly wake up to Acid reflux attacks.  It will feel like my whole sarcophagus is on fire and sometimes if its bad enough I will wake up and feel like I'm choking either on phlegm or nothing at all.  This will usually happen all night long so I'll end up only getting two or three hours of sleep.  How do I prevent these acid reflux spells from happening?

Article: Age: 35Sex: MaleHeight: 5'6"Weight: 180LBRace: Asian (Chinese)Primary complaint: All finger and toe nails gradually becoming more and more ingrown, as well as body hairs in private areas, across the torso, on the thighs, etc.  Has been occurring for several years, and appears to be getting worse.Existing medical issues: Hashiomoto's Thyroiditis (uncontrolled), BPD with urinary urgency and retention, hypertension, manic depression, PTSD, sleep disorder, syncope (possibly seizures), sinus tachicardia, ...Current medications and doses: Levothyroxine 125mcg, Sertraline 25mcgDrink: NoSmoke: OccasionallyRecreational drugs: Not currently; amphetamine use in the past.

Article: I have been on TRT for 2 years and since starting have been very sensitive to estrogen conversion. At the beginning my total estrogens rose to 391pg/ml. This is when my body composition started to change and fat that used to go to my stomach and butt went to my flanks or love handles. My doctor put me on an ai (arimadex) to regulate estrogens and for the most part is helpful. Fast forward to about 2 months ago. Had 2 abscesses form from Trt injection. Did two courses of strong antibiotics, and had blood done. Estradiol was high again so took 1mg arimadex with each shot for a week (normally .25mg per injection). Switch from glute to delt injections due to abscesses. I’ve lost significant size in a short span of time, understood could be water weight but not all of it. My muscles have shrunk, and fat to my sides is back with a vengeance. Could my hormones be so out of whack that the testosterone is not working? What could cause the fat redistribution? Is it permanent? I don’t understand how I’m losing so much size so quickly. My diet is strict. My work out regimen is also strict. Could I not be absorbing the testosterone in my deltoid?  I’m at a loss, feeling very depressed.  Docs Please help. Thanks

Article: 65F, weight, 260, height 5,11 ,race white, smoked in early 20s
  
    My mother had a chest x ray and they found fluid and multiple nodules with the largest being 14mm in her left lung, and her lymph nodes are mildly inflamed. The DR isn’t sure what it is rn he said it doesn’t look like a typical lung cancer but all they know is something “abnormal” is going on

Article: I've been having severe throat pain and difficulty swallowing since Saturday night. Its a good 7/10 on the pain scale, ibuprofen doesn't touch it, dayquil and nyquil don't help, throat lozenges help a bit. I can combine them all to make the pain manageable. I've been sleeping for most of the day to escape the pain. I feel like I'm swallowing glass shards. I noticed blood in my mucus today and my temp was 99.5 which is high for me.
  
    I went to the ER and they checked my vitals, looked in my ears and throat for like 5 seconds, did a strep and covid test. Strep came back negative so I was discharged. I told the RN that I was in severe pain, and she talked to the doctor who gave me a numbing spray and said that there was nothing they could do because its viral and that I should try advil and come back if the pain gets worse or if I have difficulty swallowing. I told him that I already have difficulty swallowing but he told me to just wait it out. My throat is apparently only very slightly red and swollen so my pain can't be that bad and you don't look like you're in that much pain.
  
    I'm currently sitting in my car crying because I'm in so much pain, the numbing spray only slightly helped, and I feel dismissed. Nothing I have tried at home had helped except for being asleep were I can't feel anything. I was hoping for answers and some help, but got none of that.
  
    The internet told me to go to the ER if I have difficulty swallowing or if I have severe pain. I have both but apparently I'm fine and should just wait it out.
  
    Am I just being overdramatic and should  wait it out, or should I go get another opinion?
  
    19 AFAB
  
    5'6"
  
    250lbs
  
    Depression, Anxiety, Atshma, ADHD, PTSD
  
    50mg Sertraline
  
    No drinking, drugs, or smoking

Article: I have been trying some doctors but I don't know what domain of medicine can find my issue. Is it hyperthyroidism,  is it something with the lungs, an infection？ Chronical disease？ It shouldn't be allergical, since it happens anywhere. What can I do for the pain？ And what domain should the doctor I see be？I am 21 years old, male, weight 54 kg, height around 1.83. Never smoked.

Article: I am 22 M ; I lost 40 pounds but couldn't loose my leg fat and am on a plateau for months, is there a way to eliminate cellulite, also does cellulite affect the rate of my weight loss?(please only answer if you actually know and dont give generic advice of calorie deficit etc. I already lost 40 pounds)

Article: Hello. This happened to me about a week ago. Information is second hand from my spouse.
  
    ----
  
    31F
  
HPIWent to sleep at 2am. At 10am, my spouse felt the bed vibrating. Spouse looked over and I was sleeping on my back. My head was "vibrating" pretty hard. This lasted for a few seconds before spouse grabbed my hand to wake me up. My head stopped vibrating but my hand went stiff for a few seconds. Spouse was worried I had died because I was totally still and couldn't be moved. I woke up and felt totally normal. Before awakening, I was having a vivid dream about trying to head butt something. My neck was a bit sore that day but I felt normal otherwise.
  
History



    Never happened before
  


    Sleep quality has been poor and interrupted due to bicoastal interviews this month and alternating overnight and day shifts (trying not to violate rule 6 but my post history is explanatory)
  


    I suspect I have a sleep disorder but never been evaluated. I scream in my sleep a couple times a month and have apneic events, unsure of frequency. Both been happening for a few years or more. Have lots of nightmares and other times I shoot up in the middle of the night feeling scared and like I just chugged an energy drink but no memory of nightmare
  


    No history of neuro disorders
  


    Have a mood disorder, for which I take an anticonvulsant and atypical antidepressant, both consistently, as directed. No new meds. No vitamins/supplements. Also have a trauma disorder.
  


    No alcohol or drugs. Drink a small cup of coffee or small energy drink a couple times a week.
  


    Biological family history unknown.
  


Ddx



    Night terror
  


    Sleep apnea
  


    -----
  
    I'm not really worried about this, but it is a little weird. Probably has something to do with my poor sleep hygiene lately. I'm considering getting evaluated to rule out a sleep disorder. I'm wondering if this fits in with a sleep disorder or could possibly signify some other issue.

Article: i'm a young, healthy male with no family history of any serious illness at all, and i'm really just asking this to calm my hypochondria.
  
    a few days ago i noticed a sort of rash/hives/whatever on my skin and it has really been freaking me out. i may be seeing a doctor in the coming weeks if nothing improves.
  
    other than the rash though, i feel fine. literally 0 symptoms at all. so, can someone just give me some insight as to what might be happening, or simply just tell me to calm down? it would really help me right now. thank you.

Article: M81 very healthy and active, had a fall Saturday and hit his head, never blacked out and was fine the rest of the day (went for a hike, was a little more tired than usual at bedtime). Sunday morning woke up only able to speak in "word salad" but still seemed very "with it" and able to make his wishes known, and able to walk and function fine. Went to ER and CT scan showed no brain bleeding. Could not do CTA because of kidney issues (occurring at the same time, enlarged prostate, bladder stretched to almost breaking, frequent urination, etc. There is no diagnosis on this yet--he was supposed to be evaluated for it this week after ignoring an enlarged prostate for many years). Admitted to the hospital and condition deteriorated as the evening went on to the point where he was pulling out catheter and trying to get out of bed. Never seemed to understand that he was speaking in word salad even though it was pointed out to him many times. Somewhat able to make himself understood with gestures. No paralysis of any kind, all motion was good. Had to be sedated with Avitan Sunday night and was pretty much out of it through Monday evening. Got an MRI about mid-day on Monday which was read by doc who said that no stroke showed up on the MRI. According to him it was either a transient stroke or a stroke that doesn't show up on the MRI. Now Monday evening and he is coming out from under the Avitan but still can't speak coherently (instead of word salad now it's more just mumbling).
  
    So, WTF is a stroke that doesn't show up on an MRI? Dr. Google is not being helpful. And if it was a transient stroke, why is there no sign of improvement but instead signs of deterioration? I want to be hopeful but instead am feeling confused. Thanks for your help. (Throwaway account)

Article: 27f 5’3 145lbs non smoker, taking no medication, social drinker, no prior health issues. I woke up with this this morning, I drank last night but idk if that's related. It's completely flat, no texture whatsoever and doesn't itch or hurt. I know I need to get a doctors opinion but l'm wondering if anyone here has seen or experienced anything similar. I'm a major hypochondriac and just trying to gather as much information as possible. Thanks! Pic in comments

Article: Hello Need some advice on what this is. Found this strange looking growth in my child’s (5F) upper gum. It looks like a skin tag, one end is attached to the gum/tissue, the other end is dangling. You can move it around. Child said it’s not painful to touch. She was at dentist for check up about 3 weeks ago and it was not noticed/found. She said it’s there for a while. Will post photos in comment. Some basic info- 5F, 39lb, overall heathy.

Article: I am a 23 year old female who had a hard forceful strike to the top of my head palm downwards from an autistic child I provided ABA services to. Right as he hit it, I felt a strange feeling in my forehead where the right frontal sinus is. Ever since then, I can still feel it whenever I breathe in thru my nose. But if I close my right nostril, I don’t feel it in my forehead. I’m worried that he possibly fractured my scull. When I first saw a doctor about it, I thought it was maybe some sinus issues or an infection. But when I realized I started feeling the pain as soon as I got struck, I realized it’s from the hit. I got a really bad sinus infection after that, and felt the pain in my head non stop even when I wasn’t breathing in through my nose like I had mentioned is when I I usually feel the pain.  My medical insurance is really crappy right now and I haven’t been able to get a CT scan yet to see what’s going on to what kind of damage he did. I can’t apply for workers comp because there is no written document of what had happened to me, it happened over 3 months ago, and Im not an employee there anymore. Does it sound like it could be a possible frontal fracture to anyone? I will be seeing a doctor once my insurance gets cleared up and I’m able to see a doctor. He hit the top of my head near the back, so I don’t understand how it may have damaged my frontal sinus but it’s where I feel the pain every single day for months. If anyone has anything to say or any thoughts, please respond to this. This has been really weighing on my emotional well being. Thanks guys! Any input is welcome.

Article: Hello! I (18F) went to my PCP today for a strep test and was told that I likely have mono, not strep. I was not given a prescription for anything but was told to come back in a few days if symptoms continue. Seeing as I probably have mono, I was wondering which over the counter medications I can use to relieve some of my symptoms.
  
    I have a terrible sore throat that makes it difficult to speak/swallow, swollen lymph nodes and fatigue. Cough drops and lozenges haven’t helped me, but ibuprofen and acetaminophen have helped a little bit. Any suggestions are more than welcome as I am quite miserable, especially considering these symptoms might last longer than expected . TIA!

Article: 21F, 135lbs, Sertraline 100mg, Lamotrigine 100mg, and Larazopram 0.5mg
  
    Hello!
  
    So I realized I had this weird rash on both of my arms with my left being the worst and I am currently recovering from a really nasty cold so I’m not sure if that’s the issue? (I tested for covid a couple times and it always came back negative despite a coworker just recently having it).
  
    Symptoms: (These were the symptoms throughout the week/weekend, I’ll list the symptoms I still have) -sneezing -stuffy head/plugged ears -low grade fevers that would come and go -nausea at night -thick yellow mucus -wet cough/coughing up said mucus -bad sore throat -headache
  
    Symptoms still happening: -sneezing -wet cough/coughing up mucus -thick yellow mucus
  
    ((It is worth noting I’ve been using lotion for the past week or two that I’ve been putting on, but if it were that wouldn’t the bumps be everywhere the lotion was?))
  
    I hope this helps, let me know if any additional info is needed. Thank you in advance!

Article: Im 16F, and last night I stuck a bobby pin down my right ear (random urge, cant explain why. I have obviously since taken it out) and I’ve been in a mild amount of maybe 3.5/10 pain since. It hurts when I burp or when I try to unclog my ears. Did I mildly rupture something? Is this something to be concerned about or will it fix itself..?

Article: Hello all I am Male 25. I was wondering is it possible to become a physician with a mental health diagnosis of schizoaffective (mild compared to most as far as I am aware). I plan to go to school for neuroscience and have thought (briefly, still researching) about medical school.
  
    Would my diagnosis unilaterally cut that short, or is it possible?

Article: (M19, 5'9, white,150 lbs) I had blood in my ear 7th grade and went to my GP. They said there was a hole in my eardrum and sent me to an ENT. The ENT then tells me that there is no hole in my eardrum and I just have a bad ear infection.
  
    Fast forward to 12th grade after chronic ear infection since then, I'm trying to join the military. My medical history says I have a hole and they complain so I give them the documentation from the ENT and they tell me to go to an ENT right now and get it proven before they'll even let me go to MEPS.
  
    I go to an ENT and he says oh you have an ear infection currently so I can't really tell if there's a hole; take these meds and drops and let it clear before I check (unlike the last one). I do that and get it checked, lo' and behold there's a hole. So now I've just had a surgery (tympanoplasty, mastoidectomy, ossicular chain reconstruction) because a cholesteatoma was left untreated and left to grow to huge proportions and around the bone. Now I've even got to wait for another surgery in a year to check if the skin is growing back from the bone stopping me from joining the military even yet. I'm now about to be 20.
  

    Is it reasonable to file a complaint because this misdiagnosis has screwed over my entire life plans. Even stopping me from getting my Pilots License.
  

    Also, If I do complain would that even be enough to do anything or just be on his record? Not seeking to crucify his career, but I'm butthurt and want a slap on the wrist.

Article: 63M, 150lbs. Lifelong endurance athlete with lifelong stomach problems. For the past ten years, I’ve been on a dedicated gluten free diet to help manage symptoms.
  
    Clear routine colonoscopy 2 years ago; chest & abdomen CT scan with no signs of malignancy ~2 weeks ago. Weight loss = 14 lbs (164 to 150) since July, when GI problems flared up, worst in years. Moderate to severe GI problems most of my life, including pain and occasional bouts of chronic diarrhea. Recently I’ve had belching and dyspepsia for hours after each meal, some abdominal pain, and frequent bowel movements (not diarrhea.) Endoscopy in Sept showed mild inflammation likely from NSAIDs and duodenal metaplasia.
  
    Appetite returned but weight didn’t, and in fact I lost a few more pounds, so I was sent for further work-ups. Blood tests came back normal except for iron-deficiency anemia. Doc now wants me to get another colonoscopy.
  
    I understand this is to rule out CRC cancer, but what is the likelihood after a recent clean colonoscopy? Would the CT scan have picked up on a mass? More likely to be looking for something like an IBD?

Article: I’m a 23M, 5’10”, 190 lb Caucasian that’s had high blood pressure the past couple of years. I take my BP once every couple of days using an Equate BP monitor, and it averages around 135/82, although it occasionally gets as high as 148/90. I actually found out about my high BP from my premed roommate in college who manually took it for me. Right around that same time, I started developing these really sharp and random pains in both sides of my abdomen right below my rib cage. About a year ago, I decided to visit a PCP to find the root cause of these random pains and high BP. He immediately put me on 25 mg of losartan daily, and he ordered several bloodwork tests, an abdomen ultrasound, and a 1 T MRI w/ contrast. He originally diagnosed me with tachycardia and pheochromocytoma, but after the MRI and ultrasound both yielded nothing significant, he scheduled more bloodwork tests and also sent me to a cardiologist. The cardiologist performed an EKG, which he said looked perfectly normal, but he scheduled an echo and a stress test. I couldn’t afford to do those at the time, so I had to put the cardiologist on hold and go back to my PCP. My PCP determined that my catecholamine concentration was very high and that I’m also vitamin D insufficient. He then referred me to an endocrinologist, who scheduled one more bloodwork test for aldosterone. That test shows my aldosterone levels are normal, but my plasma renin activity (LC/MS/MS) is high at 7.26 ng/mL/h, with an aldo/PRA ratio of 0.4. My endocrinologist concluded that, contrary to what my PCP said, the catecholamines aren’t the problem, and that my kidneys are. She has referred me to a nephrologist, and I am currently working on scheduling an appt with one as I write this. She also doubled my daily dosage of losartan to 50 mg as well as prescribed me some vitamin D2. I initially thought that those sharp abdomen pains were linked to the high BP, but she said they’re likely cramps from being Vitamin D insufficient (although I am skeptical about this). So that’s where I currently am. I figured I’d post here to get some additional opinions while I wait, since all the nephrologists near me are booked out several months from now.
  
    Additional info: I currently work from home and have a relatively stress-free job (my PCP has repeatedly asked me if I’m stressed, and I don’t feel stressed at all. I was stressed about 2 years ago when I was an engineering student, but not really anymore). I’ve never once smoked anything, very rarely consume alcohol, never do any drugs, occasionally get exercise, and drink plenty of water daily. Admittedly I haven’t eaten the healthiest over the last few years, and I do enjoy me some fried food with Dr. Pepper pretty frequently. I just recently moved back home from college, but when I was living in my college town, I would walk/jog nearly every day on campus to get some cardio in. Running, however, would really start to hurt my chest after about a quarter mile or so (sometimes to the point where I would have to sit down and stop entirely). My endocrinologist said those are just cramps, but again I’m skeptical about that. Do you think this can be chalked up to poor eating habits? Based on my own arm-chair analysis, it seems plausible that my renal arteries are constricted, but I could be way wrong.
  
    Thanks for reading this far. Any advice (medical or not) is appreciated.

Article: hi everyone, I am a 24 year old female and I have had chronic UTI's since I was 16. I have seen multiple different urologists and I feel like no one is listening to me. I have given countless urine samples at multiple different doctors and sometimes the culture will come back negative but the dr will tell me there is blood/high amount of white blood cells when they look at it. Anyways I have been seeing a urologist and have gotten bladder ultrasounds, kidney ultrasounds, etc. This October 29 I started having the worst UTI pain I had ever had, the burning was excruciating and I ended up having to take a left over pain pill to get through the night, I had an emergency appointment with my urologists NP the next day and they did bladder ultrasound and sent my urine off for culture, she prescribed me URO to help with the pain. The results came back negative but I was still continuing to have progressing pain and I told them if I did not take the URO prescription then the burning would come back worse than ever. I started to get horrible flank pain, nausea/vomiting, headache, chills, fever, and felt completely out of it. I decided I had to go to the ER, they did a urine test, blood test, and CT scan and I was positive for a kidney infection and anemic. I had to stay and receive an IV bag of fluids and then an additional bag of antibiotics. He sent me home with a Cefdinir prescription. I know it's only been a day on the antibiotics but I still feel awful. My head is constantly pounding, I am nauseous and feel like I am going to throw up every time I eat or drink anything. I am so tired and lethargic but haven't been able to sleep much at all. Anyways, has anyone else ever experienced this? I have really bad health anxiety and this entire experience has been horrible. I feel like I can't trust my doctors especially after expressing all of my symptoms and they just waved me off. My urologist has never done a blood test on me before... is this normal? I have called and messaged countless times in the patient portal and left voicemails and they continued to tell me to just take my d-mannose supplements and finish out a macrobid prescription. The dr at the ER told me that macrobid would not be effective in treating a kidney infection and that there was a ton of e. coli in my kidneys. PLEASE HELP! :(

Article: I’m 24F, diagnosed with adhd and also have a history of anxiety, depression, asthma and hayfever. I take Vyvanse 70mg, sertraline 100mg and cetirizine daily.
  
    Some background on this is since I was a kid I’ve had somewhat of a habit/compulsion towards using cotton buds to clean my ears even though I know you’re not supposed to, but I could never kick the habit even when I’ve tried to, as my ears often itch and I found the feeling of cleaning them out to be satisfying.
  
    So basically this all started a few weeks ago when I woke up noticing my right ear was feeling blocked and the hearing in that ear had dulled. After a couple days of this not resolving I started to worry a bit and decided to go to a doctor. She took a look and told me it was just wax buildup and said I should use some drops for a few days and come back so she could syringe the wax out.
  
    Once I started using the wax drops, however, I sort of convinced myself that I could resolve it on my own and started going between using the drops and water to try and loosen or dissolve whatever was in there. This is also when I started inserting objects into my ear canal to try and dig it out. Eventually, I managed to remove a small mass of what essentially looked like a wad of cotton fibres stained with wax. At first I figured that was the problem solved, but then I noticed that my ear still felt full, my hearing still wasn’t 100% and I now was hearing this high pitched echoing sound in that ear every time I heard some external sound, particularly higher pitches.
  
    At first I didn’t really do much, thinking it could resolve on its own, but after a couple weeks of this persisting I started to become convinced that there was still something in there. Here is where it gets bad. It started with me taking the end of a paper clip I’d unfolded and advancing that into my ear canal slowly, trying to see if there was anything in there  that didn’t seem like part of my ear, ie. a spot where I couldn’t feel metal when I tapped on it. I thought that I could feel something way down at the back but it would hurt whenever I would try to lift it up and out of my ear canal.
  
    From here on this essentially turns a sort of obsession or hyperfixation where I spend two entire days trying everything I can (water, bicarb/water solution, ear drops, oil, vinegar, toothpicks, needles, tweezers), for hours on end to remove whatever it is that I THINK is in my ear. I pretty much couldn’t focus on anything else during this time. I kept thinking “I’m so close, I just need to try for a little bit longer”. It gets to a point where my ear is in so much pain I need to take ibuprofen and paracetamol just to bear it so I can keep going. It’s not until my ear starts bleeding do I start to think “hey maybe I’m actually just fucking shit up in here?”
  
    I tried to stop after that, and I did for maybe half a day, but with the discomfort still being there, part of me was still like “you’re almost there, just get it out and you’ll feel better.” So I go in with the tweezers again, just feeling desperate at this point, and not only am I still not able to remove anything, from that point I began to have this persistent ringing noise in my ear that hasn’t gone away for days. My ear still feels full and uncomfortable, but now is also sore too. My hearing in the affected ear is maybe 70% compared to the other one, and I’m unsure if there’s been any change there.
  
    I’m so scared of what kind of permanent damage I could’ve done to my ear. I’m afraid go to the doctor because I’m worried that I’ll either be judged for my behaviour or be given some really bad news that’ll be all my fault. I keep imagining the doctor looking in my ear and being shocked at whatever carnage I’ve done to myself. So that’s why I’m writing all this here, because I can’t imagine being able to tell all this to a doctor in person. The constant ringing is like a reminder of how much I could have potentially fucked myself, and makes the anxiety worse. It’s all just spiraled and I want it to all be okay.

Article: Male 32, 169cm, 73 kg, former smoker.
  
https://ibb.co/XfHTT0k

    I've had an itch on my scalp for a couple of weeks and recently discovered this bit. What is it? Will be going to a dermatologist tomorrow.
  
    Thank you.

Article: Age 27
  
    Sex male
  
    Height 5’9
  
    Weight 66kg
  
    Race Caucasian
  
https://imgur.com/a/TKQxSUB

    Appeared around 3 months ago and hasn’t gone since then. I have no symptoms, doesn’t hurt to touch or press down on. I got it around the same time that I was sunbathing which makes me slightly worried.

Article: Howdy, I am a 27 year old female with diagnosed interstitial cystitis. I am no stranger to the feeling of urinary discomfort or other symptoms associated with flare ups. Usually if I feel a flare up coming on I can pop some Phenazopyridine and the problem will go away, and doesn’t return.
  
    I started feeling a flare on Saturday, so took Phenazopyridine and waited for it to kick in. It took an exceptionally long time - longer than usual - to do so, but eventually I felt more or less okay. However, the next day the problem came back, and again today.
  
    About an hour ago I started feeling pain in my lower left side. I’d say the pain is mostly dull with an occasional sharp stabby feeling, and I’d put it as maybe a 3 out of 10 on the pain scale for right now. This hasn’t gotten any better or worse.
  
    I don’t have a fever, I don’t have chills, I’m not nauseous. I do have frequent urination, pain when urinating, pain in my side, and possibly foul smelling urine (my sense of smell isn’t great.) There was some pink in my urine on Saturday, but none since.
  
    I have a habit of thinking I’m only having a flare, but this time I think it may be an actual UTI. The pain in my side is concerning me a little, as I’m pretty uncomfortable at the moment. I’d like to think a UTI wouldn’t have become a kidney infection so quickly, but I don’t know.
  
    It’s about 1am here, so no doctor is open. I’d rather not have to go to the hospital if it isn’t needed. Can this wait till tomorrow?
  
    Edit: I’d say pain has gotten worse, more stabby now. Maybe a 4 or so on the pain scale

Article: Female Age 32 Smoker/ Drink rarely Left Shoulder Pain for 3.5 years Started to feel pressure under collar bone. Collar bone will get inflamed and go red and is hot touch. I’ve had cortisone shots and didn’t help at all. I can not shrug my shoulder or lift my arm straight in the air. Lymph nodes swollen left side of neck, 1 is hard and does not hurt to touch. Swollen lymph nodes in armpits as well. I recently got swelling in my left foot, as well as knuckles and some joint tightness/pain in hip and knee. Been getting really itchy rashes, currently under boobs and armpits but also get very itchy on my legs and chest. I’ve been sweating more than normal and smellier than normal. Was given naproxen 500 and cyclobenzapine. I’ve had 2 mris, 2 chest Xray, shoulder ultrasound, lymph ultrasound, and most recently a bone scan. I did get my images back but have yet to hear from the specialist who sent me. Was hoping to get some insight on the photos.
  
https://ibb.co/Mps49Rb https://ibb.co/7vnbXSx https://ibb.co/n3HNR2g https://ibb.co/fNf1b9J https://ibb.co/QCMGRLP https://ibb.co/M2zkTvn https://ibb.co/5k7FwYW https://ibb.co/J2McsKR https://ibb.co/zGwr3hg https://ibb.co/Mcc02kK

Article: So I (34f 5'6" 165lbs Caucasian) have POTS and a mirisd of other health issues but the only cardiac issues is an AV block (I think type 1 definitely the less severe one) and symptoms of autonomic dysfunction  I get so so sick and nauseous throughout certain times of the day and it seems to be around noon this happens. I wake up everyday around 8am so it's not like I'm sleeping when it's happening. I also don't rely on my watch readings when I have an abnormal reading I grab my pulse ox to confirm the HR. My highest in 6 months was 164 and lowest was 30 (only has started getting that low past 6 months, but under more stress than usual for both the high and the low.)
  
    I experience a very nauseous feeling, increased breathing rate, and oddly enough my heart feels like it's beating fast but maybe it's just beating hard. I have to lay down to alleviate the nausea, if I have to continue with my dad I develop migraines, I vomit, and I shake. Symptoms are way worse during hot days, the cold seems to lessen episodes.
  
    I've had holter monitors done which didnt tur  up much other than the AV block, and I had s tilt table test I had to have them stop (I was about to vomit) and i know i shouldve pushed thru it but i didnt. I was two beats per minute away from an official POTS dish osis  my heart rate increases by 28BPM within 3 minutes before I pulled the plug.
  
    So my question is this just a result of my autonomic dysfunction? I seem to get both episodes of my HR tanking and it increasing. If I'm doing a lot of hard labor it'll go up and on occasion dip down to low 40s and both episodes feel the same whether it goes high or low. Last thing I can think of that's worth mentioning is I feel better in the evenings/late night in able to smear normally without gastric issues.  Mornings I get diarhhea and stomach pain whether I eat or not.
  
    Or could it be something else on top of the autonomic dysfunction?

Article: My partner, 39F has a 4mm red raised bump on her left pinky finger that sits right on the knuckle. When she accidentally hits it, an extreme shoot of pain goes up her arm, often taking her breath away.
  
    What is this and how do we get rid of it? Who should she be turning too for medical attention? Any help is greatly appreciated!

Article: 25, female, 125lbs, 5’7, no conditions or meds- I just had a pretty nasty cold/infection that started 10/12. It was my first illness with a fever in many, many years. I did a 10 day course of amoxicillin (500mg 3 times a day) 10/15-10/24. Infection was essentially cleared up between day 3-4 of antibiotic, but obviously still finished it. I got blood drawn last week 11/8 and actually ended up coming down with a minor cold the next day 11/9 that I’m still fighting now, but nothing bad. Just a sore throat and minor runny nose. My bloodwork came back with low WBC, neutrophils, and absolute neutrophils, and high lymphocytes and monocytes. Is it possible that these infections caused this? I’m seeing a hematologist Wednesday but just looking for possible peace of mind. I have no general physical symptoms of anything, this was just routine bloodwork. I do however struggle with severe anxiety and chronic stress which can also be a factor I’ve heard. Looking for possible perspectives!

Article: 24F, 5’1, 120lbs, don’t smoke, drink 1-2 times a month.
  
    I think I have an infected tooth (I’ve had one before and it feels very similar in pain) but I haven’t been able to get to the dentist yet but I’m taking Amoxicillin 500 mg for it. I’ve been taking it since Thursday and I’ve been having some nausea, dizziness/weird feeling in my head, and feeling hot when it’s not hot in the room. Not all of the time, it comes and goes. Is it from the Amoxicillin?

Article: Hi guys, hope you all are doing well.
  
    In 2021, I was diagnosed with AVN Stage A with dimensions 2 x 2.5 x 2.6 cm.  This was done by Mitchell classification.
  
    At that time I consulted a doctor who prescribed me Vitamins and bisphosphonate. I did for 2 months. Due to covid restrictions I did not consult the doctor again. And for about 1.5 years I did gym where I was squatting 200 pounds and leg press around 400 pounds almost every week. I completely changed my lifestyle. I was eating very healthy. Keeping my weight stable.
  
    Until recently I started to get hip pain and in September 2023 I did MRI again which came out to be 2.5 x 1.0 x 2.2 cm Stage 2. This was done by fiscat classification. Now I consulted a different doctor and he prescribed me the same combination of medications to delay the progression.
  
    I don’t have any pain. I was scared about the hip pain that’s why I underwent MRI.
  
    My concern :
  
    I read a report online, few doctors examined around 65~ hips (Age 20-70) with both Mitchell and fiscat classification. They found out that Mitchell classify stage 1&2 as stage A. And if you look at the dimensions.
  
    First MRI -2 x 2.5 x 2.6 cm
  
    Second MRI - 2.5 x 1.0 x 2.2 cm
  
    Has it decreased?

Article: I’m a 24F, about 130lbs and 5’5. I’ve been on Linessa birth control for a little over three years. My period has come like clockwork every month for years. These past two months, I’ve only had light spotting. I went for blood work and I’m not pregnant. TSH, DHEA, and prolactin are in the normal range. However, my FSH level is below normal (1.1).
  
    I’m on no other medications, no other co-morbidities. Does anyone know why this could be? Is this cause for concern?

Article: Title says it all, 20M, don’t know how to explain it, Thought it was a pimple at first but it doesn’t have a head or anything so unsure about it, haven’t visited a doctor because I assume it will just go away but decided to ask anyways. Sorry if this is the wrong place don’t really know.
  
    Picture is here: https://ibb.co/7SPzph6

Article: 25 Female USA 175lbs
  
    I have had ear pain for about a month prior to seeing the doctor about it. It was not consistent so I didn’t think it was a ear infection so I just thought it would go away. Then I noticed two lumps on my collarbone and decided i should make a appt. My primary care doctor said I had water in my inner ear and it looked a little red and gave me a antibiotic to treat it as a ear infection. Completed a 10 day antibiotics and i still did not have relief. He ordered bloodwork. I will put a picture of the results in the comments. CBC was good but he found a small amount of immature red blood cells and was sending a referral to a ENT specialist. I’m sure I will be waiting for a appt for a while so I hope to get some ideas of what it may be. I will post pictures or the bloodwork he took and my other most recent blood work if it’ll be any help. Thank you.
  
    Symptoms Ear pain similar to ear infection but not constant Ear fullness 2 lumps on my collarbone. (Feels similar to swollen lymph nodes) not sure if you have lymph nodes there or not. When the ear pain is bad it almost feels like I have vertigo like I am off balance. I will get pain on the side of my neck

Article: M22, had a fever and a severe sore throat 1.11.2023, went to the doc and they gave me antibiotics just by looking at my throat - no swab test was done. The meds worked almost instantly. I finished the week's course of antibiotics on friday 10.11 and on sunday my fever and sore throat was back. Anyways it only lasted for one day so yesterday and today I've only had a sandpaper-esque feeling in my throat but no pain and no fever. I have no white spots in my throat although it is very red. Does this warrant for new antibiotics? I don't feel sick but my throat is definitely not healthy yet.

Article: 34 Female, 160lbs. The past 2 or 3 days I have been feeling under the weather with yesterday/last night being the worst. I have had body aches (has significantly subsided since last night) fevers and chills, which stopped earlier this morning. I have only been taking Tylenol to ease the fever and body aches. Only issues I'm having now is an INCREDIBLY sore throat, I can barely swallow anything drink/food (so no appetite really), when I shine a light at the back of my throat it's extremely red and I may have seen 1 or 2 white small dots. Also my pelvic floor is hurting (maybe from coughing much). I did have a regular yearly check up tomorrow but had to cancel due to having a fever and sore throat recently. I will get to Urgent Care tomorrow though. Does this sound like COVID or Strep, maybe a cold or flu? I rarely ever get sick, never had COVID. I have 5 kiddos, and as a stay at home mom i have been extremely cautious, trying not to get anyone else sick, but it's hard because out of those 5 I have a 4, 3, and 1 yr old.

Article: My daughter is 7. We live in Wisconsin. 43 pounds. She has chronic constipation. She takes Zytec, Miralax, culturelle kids probiotic, and an immunity supplement. She's now on day 3 of Cefdinir
  
    She was diagnosed via xray as having pneumonia on 10/22. 10/25 was her followup. Before taking her in, her fevers were like 103.8. She was prescribed amoxicillan (10 days).
  
    3 days after finishing (roughly 11/4), she started with a runny nose. More coughing.
  
    On 11/7, she had a fever at night. My husband took her to the doctor on 11/8. They were unconcerned and said she got a new virus. She's had fevers what I think is every day since at some point
  
    On 11/11 we took her to a Fast Care Clinic associated with our hospital system because I thought she had an ear infection. She did. But the APNP was very worried that her pneumonia is back because she's had fevers for 4 days now, and the mild ear infection shouldn't do that. She was very concerned for her cough. She thought we should go to an urgent care but said that there is no guarantee that they would do a chest xray. So she prescribed 10 days of Cefdinir and said to follow up with our primary today (11/13).
  
    So I called today, and they were not at all concerned and STILL think it's a virus. The nurse seemed more concerned about the ear.
  
    I don't know what to think anymore. One felt it's a virus. The other thinks pneumonia. And I have a kiddo that has missed so much school! She's still coughing and she has thick green snot. Yesterday  she took a 4 hour nap. She does talk about headaches sometimes. Otherwise, she's playing and acting semi normal at home. In the morning, the ear thermometer reads a normal temp. Later morning shows a fever with other low grade fevers (anywhere from 99.4 to 101 point something). In general, the thermometer reads from normal to fever, but it seems like sometimes it's easier to get a fever reading. We got a mouth thermometer tonight. It read normal when the ear one said fever! What can I believe? Am I making a big deal out of nothing? Should she be in school? Does she NOT have a fever? My husband thought she should be in school this whole time.
  
    I asked the nurse about the ear thermometer when I called, and she said that they are the least accurate and couldn't/wouldn't say if they commonly read that there is a fever when there is not. To me, logically, I'd moreso believe fever readings than normal if the readings are mixed. She thought I should average readings between the ear thermometer and the mouth.
  
    What do you think? Is it a virus or pneumonia? Is there probably a fever if you do get some fever readings throughout the day? Am I causing her to get high temperatures? I know I can cause high readings by stressing for myself. I feel like I'm going crazy.

Article: 21M 268lbs 5’10 Non Smoker Medications: Protonix 40mg White/Latino
  
    Back in December of 2022 i had some lower right abdominal pain and got it checked out via CT scan and it showed some swollen lymph nodes. I was diagnosed with mesenteric adenitis and sent on my way. I am still dealing with this today and i dont know what is going on. It started out mellow and just occasional pain and over time it has became a constant uncomfortable feeling on both sides of my abdomen, i got an endoscopy and discovered i had chronic inflammation of my stomach. those are the only two issues that doctors can find with me but i have almost completely lost my appetite and my body is in a constant state of fatigue and i just feel out of it every day. ive recently developed some aches within my right leg from my knee down and in both sides of my hips. im concerned there is something else going on that they arent seeing because every doctor i see looks at my history and sees the mesenteric adenitis and just goes with that. ive had multiple CT scans and all just showed swollen lymph nodes in my right abdominal region and i recently had an MRI that also only showed the swollen lymph nodes. My blood tests have been great other than very slightly elevated white blood cell counts and urine samples have also been good every time. Ive had stool samples and they were all good and i had a colonoscopy and they said it was fine. Between all of that i dont understand how i can get all these other symptoms and feel so fatigued and just bad in general with only some swollen lymph nodes and gastritis? Any input would help as i havent been able to get any answers out of this with any doctors and they said after i see a hematologist if they cant find anything then my best option is to get a 2nd opinion elsewhere.

Article: 17 Female, OCD and anxiety, 5"4 and 55kgs, non smoker or drinker, on lovan and I also take valium sporadically.
  
    I just went and did a brain CT due to some weird brain symptoms. (Confusion, numbness in left side, twitching etc). When I came out of the machine the technician said I didn't need contrast (they did 1 first without and said they didn't want to unnecessarily expose me). After the CT she came in, said I didn't need contrast and could go. I asked if she saw anything. She said she wasn't a dr and they hadn't had a proper look at it yet (wouldn't they see automatically?) and to wait for 3 days for the results. When I asked if there was something super serious she said "im sure the doctor would've said or its something we can't pick up with a CT" and let me go. Now im scared she was hiding something and they found something. I saw through the little window and im sure I saw an image of my brain zoomed into a white part. Idk if that was my brain or what but im convinced the image was mine and the white area was a tumour or something. Im also scared she said I didn't need contrast because they could see something obvious, or is not needing contrast a sign im probably okay??? She spoke with a doc and he decided this. Please somebody help because I'm scared out of my mind and I can't wait 3 days in this fear for the results.

Article: Im F19 170 lbs and suffer from chronic utis.
  
    Mid September I got a uti, i went to the doctor, she gave me amoxicillin. She calls 3 days later and switches it to augmentin because the culture came back. Cool. I finished the round (augmentin typically wipes it out) but it didnt fix it. I go back to the doctor, she gives me keflex. I finished the round about 3 days ago, it didnt fix it. I went back yesterday and he gave me macrobid. Im worried about taking this many antibiotics in such a short period of time this close together. I have health anxiety and im terrified, especially after reading about all the terrible things macrobid can do. Any advice helps

Article: Hi, my child (two year old with Down syndrome) just had follow up bloodwork for anemia.
  
    First round of bloodwork a month ago:
  
    Hemoglobin 8.8 (low) Hematocrit 28.7 (low) Platelets 160 (low) RBC 3.46 (low) WBC 7.14 (normal) MCV 82.9 (normal)
  
    Phosphorus 6.9 (high)
  
    Ferritin 32.9 (normal) TIBC 403 (normal) Transferrin 288 (normal) Iron, plasma 36 (low) Transferrin saturation 9% (low)
  
    Most recent bloodwork:
  
    Hemoglobin 10.3 (low) Hematocrit 32.4 (normal) Platelets 410 (high) RBC 4.14 (normal) WBC 13.6 (normal) MCV 78.3 (normal)
  
    Absolute neutrophils 10921 (high) Absolute lymphocytes 1686 (low)
  
    Ferritin 8 (normal) TIBC 473 (high) Iron 41 (normal) Transferrin saturation 9% (low)
  
    BUN 14 (high) BUN/Creatinine ratio 54 (high) Uric acid 6 (high) Protein, total 6.1 (low) Lactate dehydrogenase 126 (low)
  
    I tried to only include relevant values and/or values that were out of range.
  
    I am most concerned about the high neutrophils/low lymphocytes. Does this pretty much guarantee underlying infection/inflammation/illness? I’ve googled bacterial infections, kidney disease and blood disorders. Could these numbers reflect something as simple as a UTI?
  
    Waiting to hear back from our hematologist but would appreciate any insight whatsoever! Thank you.

Article: Hi all,
  
    I [27F] was perscribed ambien 10mg PO Qnight for a little over three years. Around sometime in June 2020 I had to stop cold turkey because my new psychiatrist didn’t feel comfortable prescribing it. It was hard to get back into some semblance of a sleep schedule but I guess it happened. However since then, I am the lightest sleeper and fail to ever feel rested. I often feel tired during the day.
  
    Other meds: adderall 30mg BID - ADHD. 200 units of botox every 3 months for migraine. No other health issues otherwise. Had an elective bilateral salpingectomy in October 2020.
  
    Could long term (though always only as prescribed) ambien use have ruined my ability to sleep??

Article: I'm (37F) broke my ankle in 2020. I had ORIF and two HWR surgeries after. I'm still in a lot of pain pain and recently had an MRI done and got the results. My surgeon basically sat me down and said to hold off on surgery but didn't go into detail about all of the findings. If someone could look it over and give me a general analysis of what I'm up for, I'd greatly appreciate it. THANKS!
  
    Conclusion:
  


    Postoperative changes of prior ankle hardware removal and healed lateral malleolar fracture.
  


    Grade 2 degenerative osteochondral lesion along the anteromedial aspect of the talar dome measuring 6 mm. Mild chondromalacia in the medial tibiotalar joint.
  


    Chronic deep deltoid ligament sprain with degenerative changes in the medial malleolus.
  


    Chronic sprains of the syndesmotic ligaments with near bridging ossification along the distal tibia and fibula.
  


    Chronic tears of the anterior talofibular ligament and calcaneofibular ligament.

Article: I know there’s something wrong with me. I have this feeling. The problem is that my symptoms are so general that they could be literally anything. I got an EKG and bloodwork, but they only showed low vitamin D. I need fresh eyes.
  
    Symptoms:
  


    constant headaches for a period, then no headaches for a period
  


    waves of brain fog and dizziness and drowsiness
  


    sometimes in the middle of the day, I’ll randomly feel like I do at like 11:30 pm, and I won’t be able to recover until the next day
  


    black floaters in my vision
  


    chronically low vitamin D
  


    sensitivity to light
  


    inability to stop spasming stomach after vomiting starts without medical intervention, usually
  


    I used to get grand mal seizures when I was little, but only when I was already asleep.
  


    chronic optical migraines from ages 11-14, following a major concussion
  


    Current diagnoses:
  


    ASD
  


    ADHD
  


    OCD
  


    TMJ

Article: 23F, 5'11", 185 lbs, Caucasian. No significant health history prior to the below.

    The past two months have been a rollercoaster of awful health problems I have never experienced before. I have had a low grade fever off and on for 7 weeks, intense fatigue, night sweats, in addition to significant, debilitating joint pain in both of my knees that is worst at night and when laying down (no other joints). My knees are not swollen or red but are very tender to the touch.
  
    This has been paired with a swollen lymph node identified by my PCP in my neck that she is sending me for a scan of, as well as a persistent, high heart rate (my usual resting rate is 70-75, at rest it has been 100+ (as high as 150).
  
    I have checked and had normal thyroid, parathyroid, EBV, CMV, Parvo, TB, etc. My blood work abnormalities have been: fluctuating high WBC count for 8 weeks (dips into normal, goes back to elevated), high neutrophils (10% band neutrophils), high calcium, low vitamin d, high c-reactive protein. Normal ANA and rheumatoid factor. I have also had persistent microscopic blood in my urine (1 year+) with no urinary or kidney symptoms. All kidney markers are normal.
  
    Today after presenting with a higher fever (102.5) and a resting heartrate ~130, my primary care doctor sent me to the ER for workup/EKG. Normal EKG just high heartrate. High D-Dimer (404, reference value: <231). High WBC (12.4 reference range: 3.6 - 11.2), high neutrophils, low monocytes. Was sent home after a normal CT scan ruled out a blood clot in my lung, and I feel like I'm back to having no answers. Any thoughts would really help as I seek out answers and hope to return back to my normal life.

Article: Hi, all. Throwaway account to save myself the embarrassment.
  
    25F, History of IBS-D since I was 9, I vape, no alcohol or drugs. Obesity (BMI of 40), Gastric Sleeve surgery in 2017, multiple autoimmune diseases (not Chrons, but mom and sister have it). Cholecystectomy. Eosonphillic Asthma (don’t know if that’s relevant or spelled right). Pantoprazole and Famotidine and Zyrtec for GERD.
  
https://imgur.com/a/axHzy4g

    For the past couple years, any time I have a bad diarrheal episode, I get these coming out. They are usually the only solids in these episodes. During these, my feces becomes a different, darker brown color (as pictured), normally my diarrheal poop is bright yellow/orange. It’s incredibly acidic always and burns my anus. I do epsom salt baths and and lanolin cream to the outside.
  
    I’ve had 2 colonoscopies and 1 endoscopy with small bowel over the years and they’ve always come back clear, but of course they’ve never happened during a active flare, so I don’t know if that makes a difference. We’re also rural so access to technology and specialists is slim pickins. I’m just wondering what this is and if it could possibly be my intestinal lining?
  
    Thank you!

Article: I (25f) am 32 weeks pregnant, live in Fl, USA. I am very much wanting to get the Abrysvo RSV vaccine that has been approved for pregnant women between 32-36 weeks pregnant.
  
    Unfortunately I have had an extremely difficult time finding somewhere that would give it to me. After exploring all of my options (all local and chain drug stores, every pharmacy in a 30 mile radius and my OB) I was able to get my OB to write me a prescription for it which Walgreens said they would fill.
  
    However, due to Walgreens personal guidelines in Florida at the moment, they will not administer it. This leaves me with (I think) 2 options. Either picking it up, taking it to my OB (or maybe my GP?) and having it administered there. Or, administering it myself.
  
    I don’t know if you can give yourself a vaccine or if it’s safe, or legal, or how I know what type of needle to use.
  
    I don’t mind giving it to myself, I’m not squeamish. I just need to know if it’s safe. This whole situation has been incredibly stressful and I just want to get this to keep my baby (being born during RSV season) safe.
  
    I don’t want to count on her getting Beyofortus because of supply chain issues.

Article: I don't know exactly what it is and different doctors have had different opinions. These days, the skin gets very dry and hurts when I walk. I just want to know what it is and how I can manage it and make my feet feel and look better.
  
https://www.reddit.com/u/hojirozame_/s/rG5hJftJLB

Article: Hi docs,
  
    33(m) 5’10” 170 lbs. athletic build.
  
    I believe I have figured out my issue. I have ED and weak urine stream. Where it starts and stops and I have to push it often. It takes forever to feel like I’ve emptied it all.
  
    Recently I’ve felt a ton of pain in the base of my penis. And I think this is damage to my urethra.
  
    Should I go to urgent care or make appointment with urologist? Also, REALLY embarrassed and very uncomfortable going to urologist which is why I’m posting here. I know this isn’t an actual diagnosis but would like some sort of advice/thoughts.
  
    Thanks!

Article: M15 - I had a really small red dot (probably an unhealed cat scratch) and accidentally spilled orange soda on it and over the past few days the red marks been growing
  
    i dont really feel much but its been 3 days and the mark has been slowly but steadily growing
  
    should i worry about this or will it go away? should i just poke it with something sharp to let it all out?
  
    since i cant add an image here ill just describe it
  
    between knuckes on my right hand but not on the web things between fingers, small brown dried up stuff below skin and red dots next to it 1/2 cm circle but not a solid circle more like a collection of dots and 2 brown things taking up around 70 percent of the space in that 1/2 cm by 1/2 cm circle, barely hurts if i touch it

Article: I’m 30F 250lbs. I have Rheumatoid Arthritis (diagnosed at 21), GERD/LPR (my LES doesn’t work right), gallstones, anemia, and anxiety. I take 40mg of omeprazole in the AM, 20mg of pepcid at night, postnatal vitamin, and I’m supposed to take plaquinil but have missed it lately because of stomach issues, trying to switch to a biologic soon. My RA is under control.
  
    I gave birth to my first child in April. I had preeclampsia. I felt pretty crappy for most of my pregnancy and my blood pressure would drop pretty low (80s/50s) until the last few weeks of it. After giving birth I continued to feel  weak, tired, and shaky. I thought it was just the new baby and recovering from my c-section. My doctors told me it was probably from the blood pressure meds I was on for a few weeks dropping me too low and took me off of them. My blood pressure has been normal since coming off of them.
  
    I was still feeling bad (weak, shaky, like I’m going to pass out) and I’ve been having palpitations and pain in my upper abdomen/chest. I went to the ER when they started and they said my heart was fine and it’s just muscle/skeletal. I talked to my doctor and she ran blood work and my blood glucose was a 57, i was not fasting. My A1C was 5.1. My hemoglobin was at 12, hemocrit at 37.4. I brought up my concerns along with everything else and she said it’s just my anxiety, having a new baby, and told me to eat more. I bought a glucose meter and I’m consistently going into the 50s even after eating. I feel horrible and I’ve continued to have pains in my upper abdomen/chest on both sides. I haven’t gotten any high readings and if I have a soda or something with a lot of carbs I end up back around 90-100. I’m just exhausted because it’s happening multiple times a day and I’m worried about passing out when it’s just me and my baby.
  
    What could be causing this? What kind of doctor should I try to see for it? I feel like it could be related to my gallbladder/pancreas but every GI doctor I’ve contacted is like 6 months out and my PCP doesn’t think it’s a big deal.

Article: Age: 22
  
    Sex: Female
  
    Duration of complaint: About 32 hours
  
    No pre-existing eye issues besides my eyes being a -6.0 prescription
  
    I put in contacts at 7 pm, slept in them, took them out at 2pm the next day and now my one eye is extremely red and “painful” just enough where I notice it but totally bearable. Not itchy and no excess “discharge”. It’s been over 24 hours now still very red. What is it? What do I do?

Article: Hi all. I went to a doctor who specializes in hands who I’ve seen for years for many fractures / muscle and tendon issues. No clue why but when I saw him about my hand he called for X-rays and an MRI and saw no issues with my hand. However when you compare my two hands, my EPL tendon stick out on my right hand and I have an increasing pain using my thumb. I feel weird posting this to Reddit but my Doctor literally brushed me off and just told me to rest my hand. I got a brace for it and try to rest it as much as possible but I’m a programmer and even using a mouse/trackpad hurts.
  
    I’m gonna link my a picture cause it might help to see. It’s hard to find anything on google and I really don’t wanna just self diagnose, but I’m wondering if it’s serious enough to get a second opinion.
  
    Also because it’s recommend to post. I’m 22 Male 6”1, 160 pounds, no regular medication, never smoked, and my only injury to this hand is I broke the tip of my ring finger playing basketball and I fractured my wrist like 8 years ago.
  
    Also I’ve had the pain for like 3 years? But it’s been growing steadily worse the last few months. My thumb also has like a near full range of movement it just sticks out funny when I extend it all the way.
  
    I should also mention my thumb joint pops if I like flex my wrist and thumb, this alleviates some of my paint temporarily.
  
Link to hand pic

Article: When I sit down too much and/or get stressed I get weird feelings near rectum or buttcrack and sometimes stomach/intestines. Feel shakes/spasms in there sometimes. Also if I lay down can trigger it depending on how I position. Can feel it near spine too sometimes. Also having bowel movement changes alot and bleed sometimes if hard stool especially or if wiping. Lost weight but also been avoiding certain foods due to stomach/intestine problems. Alot of loose stools, sometimes diarrhea and narrow stool often. All stool comes out in a second feels like. Due to get a colonoscopy soon. Hands dont get enough blood supply some days/times and hands/fingers are hard to fully open. Fatigue some days. Had ct scan of abdomen pelvic few months ago was clear, this was when my stomach was burning. Positive ANA speckled pattern.

Article: For my father:
  
    Male, 81, history of heart disease, diabetes 2, GI issues.
  
    He had a bisection of his small intestine to remove a blockage. Since the surgery, he has had issues with sleeping and energy. Iron deficiency has been identified, but not severe enough that his physicians have prescribed long-term treatment.
  
    Tonight he has felt short of breath, but his O2 levels are reading in the mid 90s. He wants to take a pain killer to aid in his sleep, but is worried about taking something too strong or weak.
  
    He has a prescription for oxycodone 5mg, and a prescription for hydrocodone/acetaminophen 10/325.
  
    Which drug might be the best in this situation? Is there more info I need to look at?

Article: Hi (27m) 5,6 95kg , having another problem looks like my anxiety comes back seeing another small bump in my groin area , doesnt look warts to me in this angle its looks like a wart but in some angle it looks like a flaky look , but i have in my hands like common warts im just thinking for biopsy for assurance . The pic are in my profile .

Article: My 55-year-old mother, female, asian, non smoker, 65kg, 5’2”, underwent a colonoscopy today. The doctor identified two polyps and successfully removed them. We are now awaiting the biopsy results, which may take a couple of weeks or a month even. This is the initial assessment. Can someone help me understand this? Thank you!!
  
https://ibb.co/F0BhY42

Article: I’m a 39 year old, Male, non-smoker. Current medications are 10mg Lexapro. I know this disease mostly affects older people but I’m still concerned. About 6 months ago or longer, I noticed scalp pain that’s tender to the touch on the back and side of my head. I wrote this off as occipital nerve pain from stress or tight muscles. Along with this I’ve been having random blurry vision. I get headaches occasionally but they usually aren’t bad and mostly feel like tension headaches or a lot of pressure in my head. Last night I randomly noticed that my left temple was very sore and tender to touch. Also the vein/artery in my temple was protruding. At the same time I have this strange sensation on the left side of my head as well as the back left side of my head. Not really painful just a feeling of inflammation. The pain in my temple has subsided but I’m Still having the strange feeling on the side and back of my head on the left side, also some slight pain around my ear. I plan on going to the doc for testing but could this be temporal arteritis or something else serious?? Thanks

Article: Age 37 Sex Male Height 5”10 Weight 280lbs Race Caucasian Duration of complaint 14 months Location Everywhere Any existing relevant medical issues No Current medications None Include a photo if relevant
  
    14 Months of continued symptoms
  
    Please read and give me your opinion.
  
    Last September 14, 2022 I went for a massage at the wrong place, started with a massage and then the provider started giving me a HJ and then BJ which lead to mutual oral ( which she basically ejaculated / came on my face / mouth ).
  
    She then put a condom on me and got on top of me for about 20 seconds until I stopped her.
  
    First night of, a strange headache.
  
    4 days after encounter, tested for everything all negative ( no symptoms )
  
    A small red spot appeared on my scrotum, lasted about a week ( this spot was swabbed for HSV, came back negative )
  
    1-2 weeks after, a tingling / burning sensation in my groin.
  
    Repeated testing again for everything ( HIV, Syphilis, Clymida, Gonno, Hep ) all negative.
  
    2 weeks + testicle pain, lower back pain, abdominal pain, 1 small palish spot appeared on my scrotum ( very itchy and hurt when scratched ) ( spot never grew in size )
  
    Itching on the tip of my penis, basically right at the pee hole.
  
    Frequent urination and the inside of my mouth I have sore, tender spots.
  
    3 months into symptoms finally given doxycycline, all symptoms disappeared for 1 month,
  
    4 months in, pain in my joints, legs, feet
  
    Repeated all testing, still negative ( added testing for Ureaplasma and Mgen, all still negative)
  
    6 months in, the pain I have in my legs now feels present in my right arm at times ( comes and goes ) - it feels like muscle and joint pain, can effect my feet / hands.
  
    Infectious doctor let me try Doxy followed by azrithro ( symptoms cleared temporarily)
  
    Also tried Metroziod 1 doze of 2000mg, symptoms cleared for a few days, I could move and run and jump.
  
    Now I’m basically 14 months in, I’ve just received another negative HIV / Syphilis test, my symptoms are ruining my life and daily life hurts just walking.
  
    None of my symptoms have gotten better.
  
    Please I’m desperate for suggestions, or any ideas ?
  
    I have a CT scan coming up for my stomach / intestines.
  
    Considering ordering a online test to check my semen for any bacteria.
  
    Does anyone have any ideas ? Could something be in my intestinal track that they can’t see ?
  
    My Doctor has basically given up and is trying to put me on long term pain medication and I’m refusing.

Article: I f18 noticed this weird rash on my thighs after standing by a fire idk if it’s related but my thighs where really hot bc I was too close. I think it’s getting smaller. I’m also a type one diabetic (insulin dependent) if that could have anything to do with it. I’ll post pic in comments.

Article: 41M, 6' 230lbs, Caucasian
  
    Drugs: Lurasidone for psychosis, Effexor for depression, Modafinil for low energy/sleeping all the time and a statin for high Triglycerides.
  
    I don't drink, smoke or use recreational drugs. I used to drink, but I stopped a couple months ago to see if it had anything to do with my health issues.
  
    Anyway, I have no patience for it anymore. I'm going to buy a bunch of antipsychotics online and test them on my own I think. It takes like 4 months to see if two different, small, dosages of Lurasidone will work for me with my psychiatrist. Is there something I'm not getting?  Are all psychiatrists like this?  She started out prescribing me with 20mg. That's not even a therapeutic dosage. How am I supposed to stay sane with that?

Article: 25 year old AFAB NB, 5’6”, 137 lbs. Anemic, no other physical diagnoses. Various mental diagnoses, including anxiety.
  
    I’ve been experiencing increased heart palpitations since I had COVID in January. My PCP ordered me a Zio patch to find out more about what’s going on. It came today and I put it on after work. I also have the KardiaMobile one lead ECG. The palpitations have been a source of anxiety for me and I’ve found being able to give myself a quick check with the KardiaMobile reassuring. I did one of my little checks just now and while it came back as normal sinus rhythm, the pattern of the ECG looked odd to me. I’m not an expert in reading ECGs, but I’ve used the device enough that I’m used to what they typically look like. I feel fine, aside from some anxiety because of this.
  
    My question is A) do these readings look alarming at all? I’ll include them in the comments. And B) could the abnormalities be caused by electrical interference from the Zio patch? Thank you so much to anyone who responds, I really appreciate it.

Article: I’m 21F, 5’3” and 110 lbs/50 kg, non-smoker and on 150 mg duloxetine (I know it’s a high dose, but it’s what my doctor recommended). I occasionally take 50 mg sumatriptan and 400 mg ibuprofen. I’m studying in the health field, which is why I have some basic knowledge in hematology/immunology and the vocabulary (I study in French though).
  
    I have a history of low levels of ferritin since puberty (I had pretty bad periods that caused me to faint, but they’re much better now, although I still have low ferritin levels). I took ferrous fumarate supplements once and the issue seemed to go away for a while.
  
    Two years ago, I started antidepressants for OCD and anxiety. I also tried oral birth control at the same time but stopped after a week. I started feeling intense fatigue, so I tried different molecules and different doses, but the fatigue never went away. About a year ago, on top of the fatigue, I started losing a lot of hair, along with other symptoms (those symptoms also seemed similar to those of thyroid issues).
  
    My doctor decided to do a blood test (CBC, anemia, thyroid, etc., but no further testing for cell shape, etc.) and it showed I had low ferritin levels again, so my doctor prescribed ferrous polysaccharide supplements for a few months. Blood tests right after treatment showed improvement, but a few months later I was back to where I started (and my doctor gave me supplements again and the cycle went on).
  
    I just had another blood test, and this time, my RBC is low, so are my hemoglobin, MCV, MCH, hematocrit, along with the ferritin and iron saturation. I also have low lymphocytes (but I probably have a UTI so maybe that’s the cause?). However, my reticulocyte levels are normal, and same for my TSH (so no thyroid problems). I’ve also done a test for gluten intolerance and am still waiting for the results, but I don’t really think it’s the problem. I’m trying to figure out what might be causing my anemia, so I could fix it and avoid taking iron supplements for the rest of my life.
  
    I can’t figure out what could cause the symptoms and the type of anemia previously mentioned.

Article: 29 Female
  


    5'7"
  


    142 lbs
  


    Pregnant (6.5 weeks)
  


    Active
  


    No medications
  


    No medical conditions/diagnoses
  


    Non-smoker
  


    Prenatal vitamin x1/day (for several months)
  


    Iron supplement 325 mg/day (for 2-3 weeks)
  


    I am dealing with classic iron deficiency symptoms. I've had iron deficiency on-and-off my whole life, so I know what it feels like. Because I'm newly pregnant, this concerns me. I need to get my levels up right away. If I wasn't pregnant, I wouldn't be nearly as impatient... but I'm now responsible for another life, and I'm not messing around! I went into my local walk-in clinic this weekend, as I was feeling incredibly dizzy, weak, and winded. Walking up my stairs leaves me huffing & puffing, and I am an active person. I explained my symptoms and urged them for a blood test to confirm I am iron deficient. Sure enough, my ferritin came back low (30 ng/mL), but my iron levels were normal (154 mcg/dL). I'm guessing this is because I've recently been taking iron supplements and eating lots of iron-rich foods. The way I'm interpreting this is that my storage (ferritin) is low, but the current level of iron in my system is normal. Not sure if that interpretation is accurate or not. For some reason, the doctor was dismissive about my ferritin level and said all my bloodwork looks normal. I know from a 5-second Google search that 30 ng/mL is WAY TOO LOW, especially for a pregnant person!
  
    Anyways, what do I do? What should I advocate for? Infusions? Injections? High dose iron supplements? My doctor literally didn't have ANY advice for me. He said to talk to my OB/GYN, who unfortunately won't see me for a few weeks. I'd really like some advice in the meantime. I'm gonna continue eating iron rich foods and taking 1 iron supplement a day, but I need to know if I should be doing more than this. I also don't want my iron to get TOO high, right? I still really don't feel well. I'm dizzy, fatigued, cold, weak, and breathless all the time. I really need answers, I want a healthy pregnancy, and I just want to feel better 😓.

Article: Female, 23, 5’5, 95kg, gastric sleeve a year ago, cholecystectomy 8 days ago. I know this pain initially happens after surgery due to the gases but it went away after two days and now suddenly its been back since 5 days after the surgery until today (day 8), it increases the moment I want to burp. I started taking anti acids and anti flatulence but i just want to know if theres a chance this pain is due to the surgery gases or is it because of the gallbladder removal itself like maybe problems in digestion. Thank you in advance.

Article: I know this might sound silly to many. But I am terrified of losing my leg gains, and I was wondering if it is at all possible for me to still use the leg extension machine. Or if it would somehow mess up my injury at all. I'm really uneducated, just looking for any trustworthy advice. (5'10 135 pounds M15)

Article: I am a 39M, white, 6'4 250lbs, that was recently diagnosed with moderate to severe Chondromalacia in my left knee after having an MRI due to pain and grinding in my left knee when walking up and down stairs (has been happening for 15 years and gotten worse over time) and popping in my knee (which has recently started) when pivoting.
  
    Specifically, the report stated:
  
    Patellofemoral Compartment: There is a small effusion.  High-grade chondromalacia with fissuring is present along the lateral patellar facet with underlying marrow edema.  Partial-thickness fissuring is also evident along the median ridge.  Chondromalacia is seen centrally along the medial facet with underlying marrow edema.  High-grade chondromalacia is present within the central aspect of the trochlear groove.
  
    Medial Compartment: Normal-appearing medial meniscus.  Small focus of mild chondromalacia is seen along the central weightbearing surface of the medial femoral condyle with subtle underlying marrow edema.  Tiny marginal ostcophytes arise from the medial compartment and project into the floor of the intercondylar notch.
  
    Lateral Compartment: Normal-appearing lateral meniscus.  Mild chondromalacia is seen along the lateral tibial plateau.
  
    My right knee has similar pain, but does not pop when pivoting, and my doctor did not suggest an MRI on that knee.  An x-ray on my right knee was inconclusive.
  
    My question is, how long does it normally (if there is a normal) take for Chondromalacia to progress to the severe stage?  I served in the Army Infantry from 2004 to 2009 and developed knee pain during my time in service.  I specifically noticed the knee pain while serving in Iraq wearing around 50lbs of gear regularly for that year.  I was also working on a armored vehicle that, due to the lack of properly armored vehicles in Iraq back in those days had a rear gate that did not function. This meant I was regularly jumping down off of an approximate eight foot tall vehicle while wearing all of that extra gear.  I felt a deep, sharp pain in my knees each time I jumped down, but after 3 or 4 seconds the pain would go away and I would continue with my mission.  I did this hundreds of times over the year I was there.
  
    I am considering trying to go to the VA to see if I can get help (My doctor told me I will likely need surgery and my insurance isn't great), but I am unsure if my time in service years ago could be associated with my Chondromalacia now.  I understand there is a large gap of time in there and I do not understand the nature of Chondromalacia and its progression, or if that sharp impact over and over or the extra weight of the gear could have started the issue and it progressed to now.  The pain has only gotten worse over the years.
  
    Thank you in advance for any responses.

Article: I (22M, ~165lbs) got a physical injury on my toe about 9 hours ago where a door was shoved into my foot, causing the front of my nail to be removed from the nail bed below it. There was blood under the first quarter of the nail, and there was a large white mark going horizontally across the top of the nail, below the blood line, which has since disappeared. I think this white mark meant that the nail got folded over at that line. The nail looks fine now, though, and is not bent or misshaped. The part of the nail that had blood now has a dark red line for the bruise.
  
    The only medication I am taking is 1000mg of acetaminophen every 6 hours for the past 9 hours for the pain, the maximum amount my bottle of tylenol says is okay to take. I tried to take only 500mg, but the pain was still too much after waiting the 40 minutes for the tylenol to start working. I don't smoke or do any recreational drugs. I do drink on the weekends, but it would never be more than the alcohol amount in a bottle of beer or a glass of wine.
  
    Normally for bleeding cuts on my foot, I would put on a band-aid with a dab of antibiotic ointment to stop infections, but the wound this time is below my nail so I can't reach it. I cleaned it with 70% isopropyl alcohol directly after I got my injury, and I plan on cleaning it again before bed. Is there anything else I can do to prevent it from getting infected?

Article: Im a 26 year old female, overweight and mixed African Carribean and Caucasian. I lent my bare breast onto a hot wok and before I realised, I felt a scalding sensation, and automatically wiped at it like it was a bug. What I'd wiped at was a layer of my skin and it was no longer on my boob. I ran the burn under warm water, I'd put hand sanitizer AROUND the area and clingfilmed it thay night because I didn't have anything clean to cover it but clingfilm. The next day it was red and had developed a thin layer of plasma. I'd bought a gauze (however you spell it) and wrapped it up but  when I took it off in the evening to inspect, it wasn't completely clear covered and there were some white splotches. I'm a bit concerned because ant open wound I've ever had has scabbed but this is just.. open? I'm a little worried, is this normal for a burn? I'm in the UK and don't know if this is something I should get checked at my doctors seeing as health care is ran thin. What do I do?

Article: Hi I'm a 29M, I was prescribed Keppra off label 3 years ago for weaning me off benzodiazipines by a GP as I was experiencing bad WD, it was really effective and did its job and I successfully weaned off diazepam as the end of 2021. I take 1500mg at night every night. Recently I have spoken with my neuro-psychatrist about coming off it and he gave me a really slow taper, only reducing by 125mg every 2 weeks. I started getting side effects so I went to look online about withdrawals and I found that apparently keppra IR is meant to be taken twice a day, not once? Should I be splitting my dose into 750mg twice a day and then attempting a withdrawal, I just don't want to put my body under undue stress and cause more problems, I have booked a follow up with my doc but the soonest I could get in is in like 4 months, any advice would be extremely appreciated.
  
    I don't have epilepsy and have never had a seizure, the only other conditions i have are tinnitus, hyperacusis caused by Meneires and ADHD. I take 250mg of Diamox, 1mg of Guanfacine and 12mg of Melatonin every night along with the Keppra.

Article: Possible long QT syndrome
  
    26M, 6 foot tall, 145 pounds, no current medications, quit marijuana about a month ago, I do currently vape.
  
    Medical issues: Asthma, anxiety, possible panic attacks.
  
    Today I had an ecg done due to what my doctor told me were probably panic attacks at work. But I had an odd set of symptoms that went on for a couple of hours. This is what lead me to call my doctor specifically how long it went on for. On last Thursday I was at work(Amazon packer). Around 4pm I noticed I was getting kind of sweaty all around I could feel my heart beating pretty fast and I started to get not exactly dizzy but more of a change in perception. So I walked outside the building and took a minute or two and started to feel a bit better. As soon as I got back inside I decided I'd go to our Amcare facility all they really did was took my BP and my blood sugar(I'm not diabetic not sure why they did this). My blood pressure was pretty high around 150/90. My heart rate was about 122 on their pulse oximeter. So I decided I'd leave and potentially go to the ER. After debating whether it would have been smart to go in to the ER or not. I decided not to. So I drove myself home. This is where it gets worse. As I was driving I tried to remain calm but my heart was thumping hard now I could feel it in my neck and in my stomach although I'm pretty thin for being 6ft tall. I also almost felt like a whooshing in my stomach as I was sitting but when I stood up at home that went away. By the time I made it home it had already been around an hour or so since this whole thing had started. Once I made it home I sat down and relaxed for a bit. This helped my heart rate was starting to go down but still between 90-110. I decided on burger King for dinner and went on the couple minute drive it took to get there. Then it started happening again and just as bad as before. This was around 730pm now. Usually if I have what feels like a panic attack I set an hour timer on my phone and try and sit for the last 15min of it. As I usually end up pacing around during anxiety or panic. Well my timer went up and it hadn't stopped. Each time I'd try and sit down I'd start sweating and couldn't sit still. But pacing or standing relieved this. So now my ecg results came back not the actual graph but I would assume it is the machines readout with the cardiologist interpretation at the bottom. I'm not sure how I can upload the photos of them but if I can't my qt interval was 410ms, my qtc calculation was 484ms(it says bezet not bazzett) and my qrs duration was 100ms with a heart rate of 84. I also use the Alivecor Kardia 6L and may be able to upload one of those results as well. Any insight would be appreciated. I know Mychart is really MY Enemy most of the time but I can't let this anxiety go.
  
    EDIT: Also some possible history of my job that may or may not matter. I have been at amazon for 2 years now. I also have my A.S. in computer science. I left a sound job prior to amazon in hopes of continuing my education using their financial assistance and to move up within the company. Everyday I show up with the mentally that I need to outperform everyone else. Not realizing how hard/bad that would be working at a company like Amazon. After completing my 90 days there I was eligible for financial assistance to find out they did not accept any of my in state colleges. This was a huge let down, but I stuck it out and am still working. If I couldn't get my degree I would again want to move up in the company. I see plenty of others who have less tenure than me and no education background besides HS. Get promotions. Mind you making it past a couple months full time is pretty outstanding 2 years seems unreal to most to be a L1 packer. I don't work with anyone I remember from my intake. This is again a huge let down. I'm not sure if I'm just burnt out or what. But I go back to work Wednesday and I'm honestly horrified to go as these symptoms an issues only seem to occur when I'm there. I've taken the last 5 days off of work and haven't had any racing heart or dizziness or anything. I've even done some moderate intensity work around my house without any issues.

Article: Starry vision in one eye.
  
    I’m 17F I have anxiety and migraines, I take lexapro and Wellbutrin every day and imatrex as needed.
  
    I was ordering me and my family some drinks from McDonald’s when my left boob started to hurt and my left eye started getting a little “fuzzy” feeling. It when I started walking around and talking when it got worse. I can barely see because of how starry my vision is. It’s almost like one of those hypnosis wheels are going on in my eye as I type this. Is this an emergency? Help?

Article: I’m 23, 180lbs, male and I noticed this skin tag like bump in my throat during dinner. Thought something was caught in my throat but turned out to be this.
  
https://imgur.com/a/Z90J3sb

Article: I’m mainly concerned with the regurgitation comments.
  
    Findings:
  


    Normal LV systolic function with EF 69%. Left ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal left ventricular wall thickness. Normal global wall motion. Normal diastolic filling pattern.
  


    Left atrial cavity is normal in size.
  


    Right atrial cavity is normal in size.
  


    Right ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal right ventricular function.
  


    Structurally normal trileaflet aortic valve with no regurgitation. AV Pk Grad of 7 mmHg, AV Mean Grad of 4 mmHg, AVA / BSA of 1.03 cm2/m 2.



    Structurally normal mitral valve with trace regurgitation.
  


    Structurally normal tricuspid valve with trace regurgitation. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension.
  


    Structurally normal pulmonic valve with mild regurgitation.
  


    No evidence of significant pericardial effusion.
  


    The aortic root is normal.
  


    Normal pulmonary artery.
  


    IVC is normal with respiratory variation.
  


    Conclusions: Normal LV systolic function with EF 69%. Left ventricle cavity is normal in size. Normal left ventricular wall thickness. Normal global wall motion. Normal diastolic filling pattern. Calculated EF 69%. Structurally normal mitral valve with trace regurgitation. Structurally normal tricuspid valve with trace regurgitation. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension. Structurally normal pulmonic valve with mild regurgitation.

Article: Hello. I hope for some help! I am M24, 5ft9 and 150lbs. No underlying diseases.
  
    Since the end of April this year I get this (seborrheic?) dermatitis on my face in every 2-weeks period. It lasts for 5-7 days. My face then stays relatively clear (dry, with little flakes on face but sebum on T-Zone but pretty normal) for like 2 weeks and after that it comes back and my face looks exactly like on the picture again, which means I have this for like maybe the 10th time now in the last 6 months.
  
    I usually use povidone iodine for anti microbial activity during that dermatitis flare up but I think it doesn't make any difference because even without any cream or medication, it just lasts a week and then goes back on its own.
  
    I had this condition for the first time 7 years ago and the doctor diagnosed some kind of "superinfection" and prescriped very hard antibiotics pills and later on some anti acne cream but I think it was making it worse. Don't really remember back then. But it then went away and did not come back for the last 7 years until this April '23.
  
    I assume I have seborrheic dermatitis as my primarly skin disease and then it always flares-up with some kind of secondary infection but I am very confused because this dermatitis looks much worse then it should be for this disease. Maybe I have something different, which is why I am posting this and asking for a verified dermatologist.
  
    I am putting several images of my facial condition in the comments.
  
    Thanks!

Article: My brother 31M, has been diagnosed with a myeloproliferative neoplasm (positive JAK2 mutation). He has a high number of platelets, normal number of leucocytes and in the high normal ranges of red blood cells.
  
    His doctor is saying that this is either Polycythemia vera or Essential thrombocythaemia but he said we have to check the possibility of a fibrosis in the bone marrow with a myelogram.
  
    The only symptom he has is a sporadic fever (once in 3-4 weeks).
  
    Could this be related to his disease? Is it a sign of myelofibrosis instead of Polycythemia vera or Essential thrombocythaemia that his doctor suggests?

Article: So my wife thinks my 2.5 year old son needs to be circumcised because he keeps touching his penis. To be more specific he tends to pull and stretch the foreskin forward.
  
    We just tried to discuss the issue and she was all the way in for circumcision and I'm not seeing the need for it. So at this point I need some peer-reviewed journal links that shows the effects of circumcision to make informed decision.
  
    [My personal opinion is circumcision is not needed unless there's medical emergency]
  
    Thanks.

Article: Friday evening I got hit in the head with a metal pole. When the pain did not get better, I went to the ER Saturday night. Yes, I know and badly regret that I didn’t go right away. At my visit they did a CT scan. The entire time I was so terrified I could have a brain bleed. Sure enough I do. A subdural hematoma. The good news is the doctors are hopeful it will heal on its own and in 3 weeks I’m supposed to get another CT scan to check. I am also going to a concussion clinic.
  
    Honestly though I was so afraid I feel like I did not properly listen to everything. Is there any doctor on here who can explain my results in more depth? I have been so anxious when it comes to my head every day now. I feel like I’m constantly going to have a panic attack. I’m not really in any pain anymore, but I can feel the top part of my left head has almost a bit of pressure? It’s just noticeable. I’m not sure how to describe it.
  
    I also just accidentally tapped my head against the fridge and part of me is panicking that I could have caused my brain to start bleeding out more. Could this be the case? It was on the side where the injury is, but I didn’t have any real pain from it. It was once again just noticeable that that area feels weird. Am I likely still safe to go to sleep?
  
    I’m unable to attach any photos in this sub, but here’s a link to a post with the photos of the documents I received at the ER.  I would really appreciate if there are any doctors on here who can explain some more things to me and maybe reinstate that I’m okay. I’m taking it easy, will not be doing any sports or physical activity for weeks. I can’t believe the fridge thing happened though. To be fair, it was not hard and if I didn’t have this brain bleed I wouldn’t likely be thinking about it.

Article: I’m 25F, 5’5”, 132lbs. I recently started running. About 3 times a week, just a couple miles or so per run. So there is a lifestyle change. I previously have been very sedentary.
  
    So I sit on my knees often. And I’ve noticed this sensation before, but never to this extent.
  
    Sometimes if I’m sitting on my knees, and I lean in a certain direction it almost feels like the back of my left knee is getting twisted. I think it’s my bicep femoris. It’s like I tweak it and it feels like I’m gonna displace it or something. It feels “off center”. Like it’s too far to the side. It doesn’t feel “right”. As if I’m not supposed to bend that way.
  
    But recently, I’ve leaned hard enough where the pain is noticeably worse. I’m sitting, I lean and then it like cramps up. It “locks”, it’s never actually “locked” before. I have to slowly stand up, I panic every time cause it startles me, I anticipate pain worse than it is. I sit it down and try to put weight on it. It feels like it’s gonna “pop” but it doesn’t. It’s fine. But I did notice it’s a bit tender lately.
  
    What could be causing this? And how do I prevent it?
  
    Also; My sister is convinced we have EDS, because we have a lot of symptoms, even some specific ones, which is a whole other conversation, that doesn’t really matter right now. But I’ve been known to pop stuff out of place in the past.

Article: I, 19, male, 7", 225lb, have essentially hives whenever the temperature changes whereever I am. It is a round 1 mm in diameter rash that covers my chest, arms, and eventually whole body.  Cold, hot, doesn't matter. It is also accompanied by chest tightness whenever I am walking anywhere, dizziness, fainting spells, and potentially related bowel pain. Caffeine makes it worse, so wondering if it is something heart related. I have been to countless doctors, with cholinergic urticaria being the best diagnosis I can get, however it does not make sense for all of the symptoms.

Article: Recently I (35, F) noticed I had noticeable swelling in my hands and feet, a persistent cough, chest pain and increased urination. I Googled these symptoms and found out about PPCM on the American Heart Association website. Increased risk factors were gestational diabetes and pregnancy over 35, both of which I had. It also mentioned it often shows up 5-6 months postpartum. I called my provider this morning but she never got back to me. It has been about 4-5 days since the onset of symptoms, they have not alleviated.
  
    If I am at risk of this (worst case scenario type of deal) am I okay to wait a few days to go through her instead of the emergency room? I’m pretty nervous since the symptoms seem pretty textbook but the ER here is really not great and extremely costly. Thanks in advance!

Article: Sex: Male, Age: 39, Height: 6,0 ft, weight: 170lbs Medications: None
  
    Today I took my daughter to the playground with my brother and my niece and it was cold out. Decided I'd shadowbox a bit to beat the cold. Did that for a few minutes and then noticed a wierd tingly sensation in my fingers and around my hands. Kind of like a "prickly" sensation. I asked my brother what he thinks it is and he said it could be because of the cold and me moving my hands quick making the blood rush to my hands and fingers causing the weird sensation. What do you guys think? Anyone else get this working out in the cold or is it something else?

Article: 14 male 160 pounds 5'7 white i use adderall some times weed and drink. so i will just be hanging out playing a game or something and all the sudden i get a hard bump from my heart and like idk the one bump doesnt feel right then i get a out of body feeling and a rush of adrenaline and i have started to fear my heart more and more at first it was just at night but ill notice it even during the day now

Article: white female, approximately 5’5” and 130lbs, no prescribed medication, non smoker. Approximately 11 weeks ago, I thought I had a yeast infection. I treated this with OTC monistat and all of those symptoms seemed to subside. However, About 11 weeks ago, I began having urinary symptoms, with the main complaint being a bubbling sensation coming out of my urethra (not my vagina) following urination and occasionally during urination. I have had three urine dipsticks (all but one were normal and the “abnormal” showed trace amounts of leukocytes), and one urine culture which came back completely normal. I was treated with Keflex and then switched to Augmentin due to a bacterial throat infection. Then I was given a wet mount which discovered ureaplasma, was treated with Azithromycin (500 mg once daily for 5 days), with my doctor believing that the bubbling sensation was secondary to the ureaplasma. I continued to have symptoms and was referred to urology. The urologist conducted a cystoscopy, which only showed slight irritation around where the bladder excretes into the urethra. I was then prescribed 1g Azithromycin and 2g of Flagyl to be taken all at once again with the assumption that this was secondary to Ureaplasma. I waited a week as instructed and still had symptoms. Called the urologist back and they ordered a CT cystogram to check for a possible fistula. During this procedure I had severe pain in my back on the left side, I’m assuming was kidney pain, but none on my right. The results of the images state that nothing is wrong, no reflux into ureters, no abnormalities noted. I am beginning to lose hope and I believe my doctors are as well. Of note, I seem to have nerve pain around my genital area, or my buttocks but no visible lesions. I was tested for Chlamydia, Ghnorrea and Syphillis during my last PAP conducted in July of this year, these were all negative. I did have ASCUS cells present on this PAP though.

Article: Hi, I am a 15M male, not necessarily obese in kg either and a very hygienic person, recently a week or two ago a smell coming from my butt has started, it smells like a combination of sweat, fart and fecal odor. As the day goes on, it gets worse (with sweat).
  
    I can’t keep living like this, please I need tips and solutions, and no I can’t go to a doctor by doctor laughed and said that’s not possible, just keep good hygiene and a butt won’t smell.
  
    This is a cry for help fr, help me hygiene and smelling good is important to me.

Article: I've been having pain in both feet for a few years now, but the pain is progressively getting worse over time, especially in my left foot. Intermittent pain on bottom of both feet (pain switches between arches, to the outside bottom of feet). Started having new shooting pain on top of left foot earlier this year and noticed a hard lump. Went to get it checked out by podiatrist in June after being able to barely put any weight on left foot and in severe pain walking. Pain even occurring while laying down in bed, shooting up my leg from the point of where the lump was. Started with an X-Ray (negative), then had an EMG (negative).
  
    Podiatrist suspected lump is a calcified cyst and said it could possibly be putting pressure on a nerve (can anything be done if this is the case?). Results of MRI (foot and ankle) seem to explain a few different things, but my Dr did not review these results with me. The nurse called and said my Dr wanted me to know was that my MRI was "negative" and the next step is to seek neurologist for suspected nerve issues.
  
    I don't understand what these MRI results are showing (if anyone can help interpret, I would be truly grateful). I am wondering if I should seek out a second opinion from a different podiatrist, if it does look like there could be something other than a nerve issue going on. I do have a neurologist appointment already scheduled but it's not until January, so I do have time to seek out a second podiatrist's opinion before then, if it seems necessary.
  
    Thank you for any and all help and insight you can provide!
  
    Here are the results of my MRI (left ankle and left foot): https://imgur.com/a/S7VkQ6g

Article: What should I do? Picture in the comments. 37M, 5'9" 140lb, non smoking, not taking meds and it's been like this for a year. I've tried foot spray for athletes foot but doesn't work

Article: This started 3 days ago, we’ve seen two doctors, one on telehealth, one in person. Both thought it was a stomach bug but it doesn’t seem to be the case:
  
    2 days ago our daughter woke up and immediately threw up, and then frequently did during the day, often after drinking.
  
    Where it gets weird: it’s always clear liquid, even after eating food you’d expect to come up, or drinking something heavily colored like Gatorade (which had a faint tint to it but was mostly clear). It never seems like a bellyful, always less than or about a cup, and it’s pretty frequent.
  
    Doc did Covid/strep/flu tests, all negative.
  
    She feels thirsty at bedtime but throws up right away if drinking water - unless I give her a piece of break or something before letting her drink a little.
  
    This is day 3, she says she threw up 8 times at school. Doctor prescribed the really good anti-nausea stuff, I can’t remember the name, but she said it works every time - it had no effect.
  
    My wife, an RN, says it seems like it’s somehow coming from the esophagus and not the stomach, because it’s always clear and not acid-y - all the vomiting hasn’t given our daughter a sore throat or anything, and doesn’t leave a terrible taste in her mouth she says.
  
    It’s super weird, but three days in I’m a little worried. Any ideas?

Article: 30F
  
    Started with a scratchy throat and congestion on 11/2. Was treating myself, just taking OTC stuff my Allegra, Tylenol cold and flu, singulair, sinus rinses, saline nasal spray. I thought I was getting better then all of a sudden I lost my voice on 11/10. Severe head congestion. So congested my teeth hurt.
  
    Went to urgent care 11/11. He prescribed cefdinir and sent over Flonase. My voice is almost back but now my throat really hurts and I have a dryish cough.
  
    Am I wrong to say I think I need a steroid ? I’m just a nurse not a doctor lol
  
    I was expecting to feel better by now. I know I’ve only been on the antibiotic 3 days but the pain in my throat is worse and the cough is new !

Article: Hello, I watched videos and case studies videos for long hours, but I couldn't understand what these things were, and after doing so much research, I'm very curious, I want to learn, I want to ask.
  
    19 Male 181cm,  Hypothyroidism , 2.29 LH - 2.56 FSH - 17.94 Prolactin - Free  T 3.70 pg/ml - SHBG 8.9 - Total T 8.15 nmol (always between 5.5-8.5) - ACTH 49.8 - Cortisol 16.6 - Androstenedione 0.58 - TSH 5 -Free T4 1 - DHEA SO4 576
  
    1.There is a hollow spot in the posterior pituitary. Is this a visible structure of the pituitary itself or is it something else?
  
    2.There is a small structure combined with the pituitary at the upper left end of the anterior pituitary. What is this thing?
  
    3. In the pituitary, in the part I have circled in the images, there is an image resembling a microadenoma that is very faint and barely visible. It is difficult to distinguish. Do you think this is microadenoma or due to contrast?
  
    I couldn't understand them after researching them for a long time and I was really curious and wanted to learn. I would be very happy if you write back and enlighten me.
  
https://imgur.com/a/mCghJiS

Article: I (23F) have noticed over the past few years that my submandibular saliva glands have been chronically visible. I look back at pictures from prior to about 21 years old, and I never had this issue - I always had a very defined jawline. I have no accompanying pain, tenderness, symptoms of any kind. random things that could maybe be a factor:
  


    I do have my wisdom teeth still
  


    I have my tonsils
  


    I struggled with purging my food (bulimia) after eating for a period of ~3 months few months when I was 20 (so in 2020), but it wasn’t super frequent (3-5x per week at my peak) and thankfully did not last long. Maybe the trauma of forcefully vomiting??? But like I said, that was years ago and I can’t remember the last time i’ve even been sick.
  


    I really don’t know the cause, which is why I am asking here lol.
  
    any recommendations on why or how to fix this would be a huge help, it’s really hurt my confidence and i’m worried that there could be an underlying issue!! :/

Article: Went to urgent care bc I was on the fourth day of very low fevers, chills, night sweats, slight sore throat, and the worst: mouth sores.
  
    The mouth sores look like white canker sores on my inner cheeks and gums, then I also have really swollen red gums and some sort of sores on my tongue bc the tip is bright red and almost looks slightly bloody. It all hurts like crazy. Hurts to eat, drink, brush my teeth and talk! I’m already underweight so losing weight is not a good thing for me, plus I’m nursing so I’m nervous about my milk supply.
  
    Anyways, urgent care said I had strep, but I was wondering about all those viruses that cause mouth sores! They dismissed that and said they’re just canker sores (just a coincidence when ive never experienced this before or what???)
  
    The rapid strep test came back negative. So now we’re waiting on a 2-3 day lab result for strep 😩 meanwhile my mouth is killing me and I’m worried something else could be wrong!
  
    What do y’all think?

Article: I (Female/31) had my second c section in February, at that time I requested a bilateral salpingectomy as a permanent form of sterilization. I was treated at a military treatment facility and my OB had since moved. The notes I received from the procedure are:
  
    “Attention was then turned to the right tubes which was grasped with a babcock and followed to the fimbria for confirmation. A hole was made in the mesosaplinx and an approx 3cm segment of tube was tied off and removed. Hemostasis was confirmed. The same was repeated on the left tube.”
  
    I was also requesting the bilateral salpingectomy because of the reduced risk of certain cancers.
  
    Any insight is appreciated!
  
    ETA: Pathology report stated that right tube was 1.2cm at great dimension and left was .6cm.

Article: I (31F) work in a kitchen and spend way too much time looking down. During my shift on Friday I was wiping down tables after lunch, turned and looked up and felt a sharp pain in my neck/shoulder area. It felt like a crick in my neck and I just tried my best to work it out but it only got worse to the point that I could not look up. I went home early, took a soak in a hot bath with Epsom salt, still sore but I was able to at least look straight ahead. My husband did what he could to massage out my neck and shoulder. I regained full motion but the pain was still there.
  
    It's now been 3 days, the pain has not gotten any better. I've been using heat and ice packs, making sure not to use my shoulder and neck. Do I need to go to a doctor or is there something I can do to heal at home?

Article: I 32 female recently moved states and needed a new PCP. I thought I found one and made an appointment.  They couldnt get me in for a couple of weeks but that was fine as i just had gotten my script filled from my previous PCP for my ADHD medication. The day comes and I speak with her and also find out I'm pregnant. They previously before the appointment had me fill out paperwork to get previous medical history from old PCP which they received before my visit. I only have about a week of medication left at this point. The new PCP said after finding out I was pregnant that I needed to stop my medication and whatever info they had gotten from my old PCP was not enough for them to keep treating my ADHD. I filled out another forms and left. My husband and I did a lot of research and both agreed it would be best if I didn't stop my medication. This new PCP then sent me on wild goose chase trying to get whateved information she was looking for to continue to treat me for ADHD. Even the receptionist was baffled why she was having me do all of this. My medical recorded clearly stated I have adult ADHD and I've been actively treated for it. My old PCP wouldn't help me anymore because they sent over everything. I kept messaging this PCP that I was worried about going through withdrawal effects and the amount of personal stress I was under. She replied back with take unisome to help... yes let's just put me to sleep... The moment I knew it was all a wild goose chase and just her bias was her last message stating whatever she had wasn't enough to convince her I have adult ADHD and she can get .e retested after the pregnancy was done. I immediately started looking for a new PcP and found one who was willing to listen and not just push me aside and continue treatment. I've been thinking about it for the last 3 weeks if I should file a complaint about unprofessionalism but I don't know if all that is warranted. It caused me to have a couple of panic attacks, endless amount of crying, and sent me into a deep dive of depression that I'm still not fully out of. Advice?

Article: I am Female, 24, Caucasian, 5'11", and 165 pounds. I don't take any medications but I am a pack-a-day smoker, however I am otherwise physically fit and healthy. My previous conditions are an eating disorder when I was 17 and a slight heart arrhythmia.
  
    If I'm standing still for a short period of time, occasionally (maybe once every week to two weeks or so) I will start to feel like I'm going to pass out. It's really consistent and feels the same every time. First my face flushes and feels hot, then my core muscles start to give out, like I've just done a bunch of sit ups, then I have trouble breathing and my vision turns to yellow and blue stars. My ears also start to ring. As soon as I feel this I immediately sit down and just put my head in my lap. Usually it will subside after about 30 seconds, though I usually stay sitting for a few minutes to recover.
  
    I thought it was dehydration, even though I always drink at least 64oz of water a day, so I started drinking more, and it didn't help. For the next hour or so after this happens, it can happen again if I stand up or stand still, so I have to be careful and keep my head down to not provoke it. I'm really not sure what it could be, getting to a doctor is really hard for me, I don't have a car or much money, so I'm asking here to see if it's something I should be super worried about. Thank you all.

Article: I am 23F, 5’8”, 165lbs. Currently 17+3 weeks pregnant with my first and taking a prenatal, but that it. No major medical history or medication otherwise. The area between my heel and calf on the back of my leg is slightly swollen and hurts to touch (even just putting on leggings hurt). I don’t remember hitting anything, and there isn’t a bruise. I know blood clots are more common in pregnancy but I have no idea what the symptoms are or how serious/quickly they progress. So docs, does this sound like something to worry about?

Article: 5'9 27M 250lbs
  
    I noticed a small lump in my eyelid, in July, and it had only gotten worse since then. Around September the lump turned this red color and that's when I decided to get it checked out. I saw an Optometrist who said it was a chalazion and would refer me to a specialist. Well, the earliest I can see the specialist is in 4 months. I have some concerns that it might be cancerous, so I just wanted some second opinions. 2x daily hot compresses and daily supplements (fish oil, tumeric) and have seen zero improvements.

Article: I (female, 26) have had a ganglion cyst on the back of my hand for about 5 years now. When it first appeared I went to a general doctor and she said there is nothing that can be done.
  
    Here is the thing though: If something even just taps my hand I am in excruciating pain! One time I hit the cyst by mistake with something heavy at work. I almost fainted from the pain. My watch sometimes hits it and even that causes pain.
  
    Additionally, the past yearish, I have felt like it has been affecting my hand’s mobility. There is also a dull ache in the area of the cyst that doesn’t really go away.
  
    I finally went to a specialist a couple months ago, and he said the cyst is in a spot where I couldn’t break it myself (it is in the center of the back of my hand. Not near the wrist. It may be under bone too? I can’t remember). Additionally, they can’t drain it normally,  thus would have to do surgery on my hand.
  
    The issue: I work in water quality. I put my hands in dirty water all the time. I wear gloves but I would still get water on me.
  
    So my questions are: does this sound concerning enough to get it removed? If I chose not to get it removed, will it have long term affects? I really would prefer not taking off work, I have the time but I’m early in my career here. But at the same time, I obviously don’t want to lose mobility in my hand.
  
    Please advise!

Article: 37M220lbsAcid Reflux (maintained by Omeprazolle 40 MG)Advair 250
  
    After 2 glasses of red wine before dinner and starting on my 3rd I started to feel nauseous. I took some aspirin, some knockoff Mylanta to help calm my nauseousness.  I went to the bathroom to throw up and everything was dark black. Is this just the red wine or should I do anything and I've had mylanta make my poop turn black the next day before? I don't feel anything else really.

Article: Hi guys I’m 23, female, 5’6” 110Ibs. I have epilepsy and diagnosed with Borderline personality disorder. I take the following medications:
  
    •Zonisamide 100mg 3pills before bed. •Lithium 150mg 1 pill before bed. •Seroquel 200mg 1 pill before bed.
  
    My urine varies in color usually a little yellow because I don’t drink enough water. However, the past year, when it is dark it can smell very sweet like popcorn and it is scaring me. My urine can get super cloudy as well. Most of the time once I get enough water it goes away. But I don’t want this to keep happening.
  
    I don’t intake enough liquid at all if I’m being honest. I drink like three dr. Peppers a week, my weakness. My food intake is high in carbs, and I eat very little. Like some days my body is running on just garlic edamame. I know that’s an issue. I just feel with college and work there is no time to eat.

Article: I recently got into a car wreck, I was escorted to the hospital, diagnosed with a concussion and a fracture around my eye. Most of my nose is numb from the wreck and I assume I did hit my nose along with other areas of my head. I never really lost consciousness. It’s been 4 days since the accident and I recently just coughed up some mucus with a clot of blood in it (first time that’s happened since the wreck). Most of the other symptoms have subsided. I get headaches in the morning and my face is still partially numb. I have pain in my sinuses when pressure is applied. I went through every test that is procedure following a serious brain injury as soon as I arrived at the hospital. If it was something more serious, would it have been caught at the hospital or is there a high chance something serious like a brain bleed could have developed well after the wreck. I coughed up the blood in the mucus randomly at night. Only once so far. Could it be more serious or just draining of older blood/a casual sinus issue?
  
    PI: Male 22 6’1” 220 lbs on lexapro, antibiotics, ibuprofen, and muscle relaxers.

Article: 15 female, 6 feet tall, around 170 pounds. I haven’t been able to walk or see normally for about a year. I have virtually no control over my legs, since they wobble no matter what I do. I have to use mobility aids every second of every day. I haven’t gotten any good sleep in a month because of the sensations on my skin keeping me up at night. I can’t read anymore. I have to type this by speaking in my phone, and I have to have everything read out through text to speech. I haven’t gotten better at all. If there’s any change to my symptoms, I’m getting worse. I have no diagnosis. Am I stuck like this for life? I can send labs in comments if necessary. I’m just so desperate. I want my life back, or at least have someone be honest about my recovery.

Article: M19 About a year ago I had terrible abdominal pain diarrhea and blood in my stool, I had a CT with no findings. I ended up having a fissure but my GI was concerned for IBD so I had a colonoscopy and upper endoscopy. Both found nothing, and I thought nothing of it. Cut to this year, my symptoms repeat, and so I get a CT and I receivce this back from my report " the transverse and descending portions of the colon have a thickened appearance without pericolnic stranding or pneumatosis" and that there is "mild nodularity in the descending pericolnic fat" ditto with the sigmoid colon. Is it possible that my colonoscopy and upper endoscopy missed IBD?
  
    Tldr: Had colonoscopy nothing showed, could it be wrong?

Article: Hello. I am 28F 5’2 130 pounds. I had a miscarriage at 9 weeks 4 days around the last week of August. I opted to not have the surgery, and passed everything naturally myself. Things to note: Baby stopped growing at 6 weeks 4 days. I didn’t start bleeding until 9 weeks 4 days, so a solid 3 weeks went by that I had no idea anything bad was about to come my way. (My first OB appointment was at 6 weeks 3 days, everything looked great when I was there) (yes, you’re reading that correctly, the baby stopped growing literally the next day)
  
    During the pregnancy (more towards the last few weeks of it)  I started having heart palpitations here and there. No shortness of breath, no chest pains, just fluttering here and there a few times a day. My OB said it was from my hormones. I DO have an innocent heart murmur, so I always worry when my heart does anything out of the norm.
  
    I had the miscarriage and still to this day I’m getting the palpitations. I mainly notice it on days that I’m working (I’m a hairstylist, so on my feet for a long time 3 days a week) I do notice them at home every now and then as well. I have suffered with anxiety my entire life. Could this be an anxiety thing? I do always feel anxious at work because my clients try to ask me about the miscarriage and it triggers me multiple times a day.
  
    Besides the palpitations, I still feel so incredibly moody and irritable. This was my second pregnancy, my first one ended in a beautiful, healthy baby.
  
    My main question is- could I still be experiencing things from the miscarriage, or is it time to look further into the palpitations and mood changes?
  
    I have had 2 regular cycles now as well.

Article: 18F I weigh 110 and I am 5’2 I take medication for adhd and birth control but I stopped it just a few days ago. so this year 2023 I had an ectopic pregnancy emergency surgery on my right side. I had lost my right fallopian tube because it ruptured and kept both my ovaries and my left fallopian tube. On the 9th of this year October I had a positive pregnancy test (this is my second time being pregnant the first was my first ectopic) I went into hospital on the 9th because I was having lots of pain on my left side as well as slight bleeding only when I wiped. On the 10th of October my Beta hCG levels were 71. On the 11th of October my Beta hCG levels were 140. At this point I was starting to experience more pain and more bleeding with the blood being very dark almost brown black in color. On the 12th of October my Beta hCG levels were 171 with once again pain and more blood. I am very early in my pregnancy they have told me and cannot find/see the pregnancy on ultrasound. They don’t know if it’s in the right place or the wrong place. Today I am unsure of what my levels are but I have passed I would say large amounts of blood with some clots today and am having terribly awful pain. I was not given any pain meds to take home and was told to follow up with a clinic which will give me regular blood tests to see my hCG levels but I don’t think this pregnancy is normal due to all the pain and bleeding. I am so stressed and have no idea what to do wether I should go back in or not as I was there last night. The pain is becoming unbearable and I can’t manage it at home and I feel like I’ll pass out if I get up what should be my plan of action?

Article: I'm a 19yo Male and got into a motorcycle accident last week. Got scrapes all over my body but they are now normally healing.
  
    My concern is this wound of mine at my foot! It got infected and started swelling, 5 days later it's still swelling! I get it cleaned 2x a day with ointment. I am also prescribed antibiotics.
  
    The reason I think it heals so slow is that I'm not bandaging it. Doctor said I could leave it open since I'm at home. But I read online you should bandage it for moisture. I don't know what to do! Having a difficult time walking because of this.
  
    Image: https://ibb.co/5WYnFsV

Article: okay so i peed an hour 1/2 ago and it was straight up blood with clots. im a 21 year old female ive never had a uti or bladder infection before. im leaving for the ER now but im in no pain. what the hell is this ????

Article: 32y/o
  


    5’9”
  


    150 lbs
  


    paternal family history of heart conditions and COPD
  


    while I work from home and am mostly sedentary, I do work out, and have no problem doing cardiovascular activities
  


    use an inhaler as needed due to asthma
  


    In the past few months, my Apple Watch has flagged a few times in the middle of the night where my heart rate dips below 40bpm.
  
    Last time was about a week ago it hit 38bpm before slowly rising again to 40-50bpm until I woke up for the day.
  
    According to my app, my resting heart rate range is 52-55bpm and sleeping is 36-93bpm

Article: My 14 month old has been sick the past few days. Coughing, sneezing, and runny nose. He had a slight fever yesterday but it seems to be back to normal today. I’ve already messaged his pediatrician but in the mean time… has anyone seen little dots on their baby’s face during a sickness like this? They remind me of what we used to call “puke dots”. But I’m wondering if he could have gotten them from the fever or from coughing? It doesn’t seem to be a rash, and they don’t appear to itch him or make him uncomfortable. They’re dark red almost purple tiny little dots all over his cheeks. Any advice or comments are appreciated!
  
    Age: 14 months Weight: 27lbs Height: 32 inches

Article: Hi, I’m looking to crowdsource some help gaining clarity on a bevy of symptoms that have popped up over the last few years. I’ve seen practically every specialist possible, had MRIs, CTs, blood tests, etc. Outlining my case below and hoping for some guidance.
  
    32 y/o male, never smoked, former athlete (long-distance trail runner), used chewing tobacco in high school, social drinker.
  
    Covid positive 10/21, developed migraines, venous insufficiency in both legs within months of diagnosis (no family history of vascular disease) suspected venous disease in right arm (couldn’t tolerate at IV at the ED, and feeling pressure in the superficial vein on my right thumb), continuously elevating Eosinophils, enlarged lymph nodes in neck, armpits, and groin. Pain, weakness, and aching of both legs that sometimes impact my ability to walk (more of a stagger at points) when I was running 20+ miles through mountains a few years ago. Had Varithena done on my right leg which didn’t alleviate my symptoms.
  
    CK levels hover around 320, which rheumatology mentioned is “where I sit” as a decently muscular guy (this is objective, as I’ve lost a ton of muscle mass in the last few years).
  
    Cardiac MRI was normal, some tree in bud opacities during a lung CT August 2022, which is being repeated along with a Neck CT tomorrow as a lump was discovered under my tongue.
  
    Post covid I went to the ED multiple times with a RHR of 135, then migraines with aura (CT and MRI looked clear to neurologists.)
  
    Rhabdo in February following three days of intense exercise after being somewhat sedentary for months post covid (CK levels were 155k at peak)
  
    AST and ALT are normal, but I was diagnosed with NAFLD which I’m 99.9% sure was due to being put on propranolol which I’m now off of (the weight gain was unbearable and it’s taken me months to shed it).
  
    Low Dose Naltrexone has brought my BP down (I had been hypertensive for the last 18 months) but still having difficulty sleeping, along with crippling depression and anxiety that were managed up until 2021.
  
    Outside of the CTs tomorrow, I have an appt with an oncologist Wednesday. I’m definitely lacking a solid PCP to be my health QB, if you will, but fortunately have an appt with one scheduled in Jan. In the meantime, I’m hoping someone can help me with some ideas as to what’s going on based on the above rant.

Article: Back in February I had a scan and came back with these results. My doctor had said if I cannot go #2 or the pain is that severe to go to the hospital to be seen for a possible bowel obstruction. How do these things happen? Can’t they go away on their own? How serious are they?  I have been on a broth and tea diet for about two days and the pain is almost unbearable. However I am able to go #2. What do I do? Help help

Article: I, 24F recently did an ultrasound for the lump in my breast. Both sides. I received the result and my doctor told me to do it again after 6 months since they found cyst on both. He told me not to worry and come if there’s any changes.
  
    Earlier, while I was changing. I noticed that my left nipple is flaky/crusty. Kind of yellow crust but not noticeable unless you try to rub it. I already rub all the crust and it’s gone now.  I also checked my right side and it’s normal. I tried pinching it for discharge but nothing came off.
  
    Any thoughts on this? Should I get an schedule right away? I just visited my doctor earlier this morning. My health anxiety is not helping me.

Article: Please.
  


    my calfs, knees, ankles, and hips
  


    feels like the flu in my legs
  


    much worse when it’s cold
  


    hurts throughout the day not just when i play
  


    makes me so much slower and unable to react quickly
  


    hurts worse when it rains
  


    Please help!

Article: What could explain varicose veins for a 24yo woman? I’m relatively active even tho i work a 9-5 and sit most of the day. I go to the gym and walk to work everyday. Healthy weight as well.  I’ve noticed a varicose vein on my right leg a couple months ago and i’m now noticing another one very mild can barely see it on my other leg. This is coupled with other peculiar symptoms like muscle twitching in my calves, feet and all over my body. I also noticed some skin hyperpigmentation in my right calf. I saw a vascular specialist and did an ultrasound and I was told not to worry my circulation is fine and nothing to signal. But my mind is not at ease. I’m so young and have no family history of varicose veins.  what if we’re missing something? Should I get a second opinion?  Help please

Article: 6 month old male (M6 for bot) 15 pounds, no known medical problems other than eczema. His temperature has been dropping to the 97’s in the evening. It is getting cooler out, but we have the heat on to 74 at night to keep it warmer.
  
    He’s typically 98.5 during the day.
  
    Is this something to bring up to the pediatrician or likely just the change in weather?

Article: Picture attached below.
  
    For some background, I’m 32f, 5’7 180 lbs 7 months postpartum c section.
  
    Last week Wednesday at 3 am i woke up with excruciating cramping in my lower abdomen. I have ulcerative colitis (currently in remission) so I’ve experienced painful cramping, but this was the worst. It was also lower than I’m used to. I got up and tried to take a bath but 20 mins in I felt like I was going to pass out so I got out barely able to walk. It came in waves.
  
    I was so scared my husband took me to the hospital where they did a vaginal ultrasound and a ct scan (no contrast). Everything came back normal except my wbc count was high and i had a kidney stone in my kidney. The lady doing the ultrasound said there was some fluid in my pelvic cavity but nothing came back on the report.
  
    They gave me morphine and I left a few hours later still in pain but only to the touch. I saw my OB the next day and she said she thinks I had an ovarian cyst burst. I left and felt good only slight cramping.
  
    Well today/tonight the cramping is back not 10/10 painful but still about a 6/10. My lower abdomen hurts to the touch and I also have a cold (not covid) that im coughing so much with and coughing/walking/peeing is hell. Im having to hold my abdomen super hard while im hacking up green phlegm.
  
    Any ideas of what this could be? ive never had ovarian cysts what is the likelihood of having two burst within a week?
  
    Tia!
  
https://imgur.com/a/VUf1epg

Article: What would be a cause for jaw pain right along the jawbone under my ears after an endoscopy?
  
    It was quick procedure, and straight after I woke up my jaw felt like it had been punched on both sides.
  
    I was coughing a lot of phlegm up too.
  
    It's been 4 days since the procedure and it still hurts.
  
    Going to see the doctor but just curious as to what it could be.
  
    TIA

Article: 14m 220lbs 5'6 so I I'm trying to lose weight so I stopped eating snacks only three meals a day so a month ago I was 220 I weighed myself week ago I was 227 then today I weighed myself on two different scales I was 218 also to note when I weighed myself on the three separate scales so I did not use the same scale but I'm worried because isn't this a symptom of cancer?

Article: Going to get right into it, basically I feel completely disconnected from my body and environment. That may not make sense, it barely does to me, but that’s the best way to describe it. Hell most days it takes me a few hours after waking up to convince myself I’m even awake because nothing feels real. It’s been like this since I was a child, but it just seems to be getting worse as I age which is why I’m asking about it now. It feels like I’m not real to the point where I’ve literally looked in the mirror before and just stared into it trying to convince myself that that’s me, but it just doesn’t feel like it. It’s incredibly distressing and I don’t know why I’m like this. I’ve explained it to a few people before and they look at me like I’m insane so I’m assuming it’s not normal? I want to get help for it, but I don’t know where to look

Article: 20F, 220lbs, 5’8, prior history of migraines, hashimotos hypothyroid.
  
    I’ve been having a constant migraine for the past week and half. The pain has been at a 6-7 and it ebbs and flows. My neurologist prescribed me toradal, compazine which didn’t work. She then prescribed me gabapetin which also did nothing.
  
    On Sunday (11/12) I went to the ER where they gave me the migraine cocktail which didn’t touch the migraine so they ended up giving me dilaudid. The dilaudid helped for a bit, but the migraine was instantly back in 6 hours.
  
    This morning I woke up with the worst migraine in my life. I don’t say that lightly as I’ve been getting migraines since I was eight. I can hardly walk from the pain, and I’ve been sleeping all day so I don’t have to experience the pain.
  
    I’m worried something more than a migraine is going on as I’ve never been in this much pain from a migraine, or for this long. Should I be heading back to the ER or should I try to get in with my neuro?

Article: I (AFAB, 27yo) recently started having dreams where I experience psychosis. To be clear the psychosis is only in my dreams and never when I'm awake. The dream usually involves me hearing and seeing things that aren't there, freaking out, and trying to call emergency services (still in the dream). I have other mental illnesses (depression and anxiety) and take rexulti, trazadone, and effexor for them. Is this something I should worry about or just a bummer?

Article: Hi, I'm 18F, I have no diagnosed conditions and I'm actually here because my head jerked to the side so quickly yesterday that it cracked my neck and startled me lol
  
    I'm hesitant to call these tics because from all the descriptions I can find of tics, they feel like more of strong urges, whereas these are more like involuntary muscle contractions. I call them my spine sneezes because I can sometimes feel them coming in the form of a chill up my spine, kind of like how your nose tickles just before you sneeze, so spine sneezes.
  
    They can happen randomly, but I noticed that they tend to happen more often whenever I get goosebumps or chills about something exciting or pleasant, my head will just jerk to the side or my shoulder(s) will jerk up or something will tense up around that area in response. I've always experienced them so I never thought much of it, but they've not gone away with time and I've never seen them happen to anyone else, hence why I'm asking: Is this actually totally normal and I'm being paranoid? If so, why does that happen?

Article: https://imgur.com/a/HWIyt5n Male 5'8 185 lbs Cannabis smoker No current medication History of Chronic Sinusitis
  
    I've been having sinus issues for over 6 years, I've been on lots of antibiotics and still having issues. I ordered a Microgendx swab test and it tested positive for S. mar. bacteria. I've been having sinus pressure, dizziness, stiff neck, fatigue, night sweats from the chest up and just a general unwell feeling. Is this a dangerous bacteria? Also is this Microgendx test a reliable test? I'm just curious if I should have my doctor do some kind of swab on me. Appreciate any advice!

Article: I am 21M and I don’t smoke or so drugs. I have had a sinus infection that lasted about 3 months about a year ago but this does not seem similar.
  
    I’ve been having aches in the middle of my nose and a sore jaw. I assume the jaw is because I haven’t been wearing my night guard as I should but I’m not sure what is causing the ache in my nose. Does anyone know if it can be cause by grinding my teeth? Thank you!

Article: 41M, 6'2", 220 lbs, no other medical conditions, just take allergy meds. No drink or smoke or drugs.
  
    I've had this issue since about high school. I have a morning bowel movement that takes a LONG time (45 minutes) to complete. Some will come out, then in 5 min some more, so on and so forth. It starts out well formed and gets mushier towards the end. After about 45 min of that, I feel "done" and ready to go about my day.
  
    Then almost every day usually sometime after lunch (but can be as late as right before I go to sleep) I have an URGENT bowel movement. As in from the moment I feel something happening, I have about 10 minutes to find a bathroom cause it's coming out. And it's usually a loose movement, though not full on diarrhea. I usually have just 1 of these urgent movements, but on a really bad day I can have 2-3 of them, though that's not common. The urgent movement's timing is very unpredictable, hence why I get nervous about going out or being far away from a bathroom after lunch.
  
    I've seen several doctors, gotten all the scopes, some scans, tried various diets, nothing seems to really help. IBS is the diagnosis they all have given me, but I wonder if there is anything else I may consider or try?

Article: My whole life (I’m 22), it always seems like medications don’t affect me. Everything I take, im always on the max dosage of it but nothing ever really works for me despite it working on my siblings and parents. A couple of examples: I’ve had depression since I was like 12 and have been on literally everything until I maxed out the dosage and switched to a new one. Some things will work for a few months to a year and then just seem to stop having any effect and I have to switch off. I also have been diagnosed with ADHD (and I promise I have it lol) and went through at least 6 different types of medications both non-stimulants and stimulants and nothing really does anything. I’m currently on the max dose twice daily of adderall (30 mg BID) so as a 4’10 100 lb girl, I should be cracked out but it barely touches me. I can literally take 30 mg and take a nap. No doctor has ever been able to give me a real reason why this happens to me despite my sister and parents being able to take the same things and it affects them so I don’t think it’s genetic and I don’t have a crazy metabolism or anything (it’s been checked) so I’m turning to Reddit lol. Please help or give some insight!!!

Article: I (23M, 162lbs, 5'11) have been having a lot of problems. I've tried to come up with a comprehensive timeline of my symptoms:
  

SEP 16(?)Started hearing very minor Tinnitus, over the week it gets louder. At some later point (weeks later, unsure of exact date, I start feeling pressure in my left ear as well.)SEP 26 I have a panic attack after having acid reflux making it seem hard to breathe when I went to bed, go to Emergency Room, where I get my vitals read and an X-Ray of my chest. The doctors told me everything as completely normal and sent me home. Might be unrelated.SEP 27Go to Urgent Care, doc checks my ears, tells me there's redness and swelling in both, prescribes me ear-dropsOCT 7My Tinnitus spikes after I accidentally enter a very loud area, changing its pitch and toneOCT 14I go to Urgent Care and the doctor prescribes me Montelukast and Fluticasone nasal sprayOCT 29I notice black floaters for the first time while at a soccer game where the sun is very bright. They gradually got more frequent and larger in numbers throughout the week. I also noticed that my eyes were forming more red veins than usual. (consistent red veins that do not go away or change)NOV 3After waking up from a short nap, the vision in my right eye was about 60% blurry for 45 minutes before eventually returning to normal vision. As well, I have a strange feeling in my right eye as if I can feel the inside of my eye socket. I went to the ER and they told me it was nothing serious after doing an eye exam and ultrasound. Doctor recommended that I take lubricating eye dropsNOV 5A feeling of "pressure" coming from my ear that made it feel like the inside of my head was "pressurizing(?" every time I burped in a certain way(kind of like a hiccup-type burp). As well as a headache. At some point, I also noticed that bright lights are particularly bothersome to me now.)NOV 7Slightly blurry vision when I woke up & migraine in the back of my neck that spread into my forehead.NOV 9Start hearing more crackling/popping in both ears and a feeling of being unable to clear pressure from ears. Went to Urgent Care, doc tells me the ear infection is gone. Recommends Sudafed as a decongestantNOV 11I wake up with an extremely stiff neck and sore upper arm/shoulder muscles. These symptoms maintain until the end of the day. As well, my eyes start getting more bloodshot than before, showing a red patch just next to my irisNOV 12I wake up and still have stiff/sore upper arms, although my neck feels normal. Bloodshot eyes are a little better now.NOV 13Woke up and still have sore arms, although it seems marginally better than yesterday. My lips are also particularly dry now. I also feel soreness in my lower back/tailbone and legs later on in the day.As of now, I have Tinnitus, crackling in my ears whenever I shift my face muscles, black floaters in my eyes that vary in number & severity day-to-day, bloodshot eyes, "warm, slight burning" yet non-painful sensation in eyes, unexplained muscle soreness, frequent headaches, light sensitivity.


    I'm so exhausted. I thought lifelong Tinnitus was the end of it but now it feels like my entire body is breaking down and ER/Urgent Care doctors aren't doing shit for me. To make matters worse, due to my own incompetence, I didn't have insurance when all this started. Medi-Cal (I'm in California FYI) took a month to get approved and didn't inform me that I had to choose a primary plan until weeks later, meaning I can't really go to any primary care doctors until I get approved AGAIN. my only options right now are Urgent Cares and ERs. Please someone tell me what to do because I don't know if I'm slowly dying or if I'm just overreacting and giving myself needless anxiety. Googling my symptoms leads me to a million different answers ranging from life threatening to not a big deal. I'd appreciate anyone who has the time.

Article: 21 female with pre existing medical issues
  
    Uh so, I’m a bit concerned bc I genuinely have a high pain tolerance and have never had any soreness from vaccines before, past the first hour. However, today I got my first dose of the menB vaccine and I was fine for a few hours but now my arm is hurting SO bad bruh, like not just in the area that the vaccine was administered but my entire arm, it’s not soreness it’s like a deep in the bone throbbing pain sensation. I did just have a different vaccine in the same arm four days ago, so I’m not sure if that could’ve affected it but the area isn’t even swollen, I’m confused.

Article: 36FHeight: 5’6”Weight: 115 (pre-pregnancy was 135)Posting here with the hope that maybe someone will shine some light on what’s going on.
  
    In July 2019 I got a concussion and in August of the same year I discontinued use of birth control (Levora) after approximately 10 years on it. I mention these two things because they are “markers” for me of things that happened before the rest started happening. During this time I was drinking a lot, approximately 3-4 bottles of wine a week. One month after stopping birth control I had my first “panic attack”. At the time I was clueless as to why it happened, but looking back it seems like it may have been triggered by not eating enough. The next one came months later and then picked up in frequency throughout 2020.
  
    I assumed alcohol was behind this and stopped drinking in fall of 2020. I didn’t have any panic attacks for the first month without alcohol, but after that month mark the attacks came back with such an intensity that I was having one every day for that next month, which finally ended up with a trip to the ER, during which they didn’t find any cause and sent me home with a scrip for hydroxyzine.
  
    My PCP kindly referred me to a cardiologist and they did the EKG, echo, and a 14 day Holter, all of which came back fine. I went on to get pregnant the month after this and thought that the panic attack I had that sent me to the ER was it.
  
    Pregnancy was great, a few bouts of dizziness (feeling like I may pass out which was similar to the beginning of my panic attacks). Postpartum was even really good. Symptoms started to come back a little bit around when my period did at 10 months PP. I could deal with the feeling off, weak, exhausted (parenthood and breastfeeding), but this March I had my first full blown panic attack in over 2 years, yet again with no trigger I could pinpoint.
  
    These attacks have continued since that point, varying in frequency and increasing likelihood during the week before and the week of my period, with a large uptick the past 3 months which I realize may have something to do with not eating enough without realizing it, and that does seem to have remedied it a little bit.
  
    But today I had one at work, out of absolutely nowhere, and I thought I was actually going to pass out. I managed to drink some water and eat some trail mix and pull myself out of it, but it sucked. Some days I feel ok and other days I feel like I’m going to crawl out of my skin.
  
    I have anxiety, and also OCD. But this is purely physical. The only condition I’ve been diagnosed with is Raynaud’s, which was verified by a vascular specialist I saw. My blood work has all been normal, with the exception of a little low Vitamin D which I’m taking 1,000 a day for. Also taking prenatals because I am still breastfeeding my 23 month old twice a day (weaning soon). I have continued to lose weight very unintentionally.
  
    My primary has been good about running tests and such, and gave me a referral to a reputable hospital program to investigate potential autoimmune or other causes. I was a little hesitant because I know it will be expensive but at this point I’m lost.
  
    Outline of symptoms and relevant blood work-Twitching/pulsing after exercise-Tight chest-Lightheaded, vision a little dark when standing sometimes-dry eyes-Symptoms worsen prior to and during period-Waking after being asleep briefly with feeling of intense anxiety and tight chest-upper abdomen -I can feel (?) my digestion? It feels like moving and dropping and shifting in my lower…system, but not painful-on an X-ray I had for a hip issue this year my doctor noted that I had a lot of stool showing on my x ray noted that may be causing me issues-bowel movements everyday, but when I don’t have a satisfactory one or go one day, the following day is often multiple bowel movements with very long feces. I seem to feel better the more empty I am, in that sense.-regularly gassy-Temperature regulation issues, usually very cold, but when hot very hot
  
    A1C is normal, fasting glucose is normal and I even bought a cheap meter to check periodically and nothing remarkable has shown on there either.
  
    July 2023Vit D 25 Hydroxy - 25.0 mlIron - 148 ug/dL
  
    March 2023Thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin - .10T3 Total - 105.20ng/dLTSH - 1.48T4 Total - 8.2 mcg/dLANA NegativeSed rate - 0Rheumatoid factor <10
  
    Symptoms are worse when not eating regularly, when eating high carb, not drinking enough water, when tired, or when fluctuating in menstrual cycle. It feels like it is pertaining to fluctuations in blood sugar but it doesn’t show in the numbers. Also feels a like it’s potentially hormonal. I understand that my fixations on this and my anxiety aren’t helping the situation, but I just want to feel normal again and not like my body is shutting down or I’m going crazy.
  
    Any suggestions or ideas? Explanations as to why these issues mostly went away during pregnancy and first months of post partum?Any insight is appreciated.
  
    ETA: Formatting

Article: I’m 21F, got a blood test done bc I had to be in the hospital for mental health. They discharged me and told me I have high platelets then I looked at it said 563 😭 now I feel like I’m going to die. I’m quite sure I have a yeast infection or Bv though I’m waiting on the results, but it says online this is a indicator of cancer vs like infection or something. What do you guys think?

Article: i’m a 21m who’s very concerned about cancer i’m 6ft 130 pounds i do not smoke or drink and i do not take any medications for anything there is mo family history of colon cancer as far as i know the symptoms i’ve experienced are as follows
  
    stuffy nose for months
  
    random stomach pains after a bowel movement and sometimes before
  
    my stools aren’t one solid color there’s multiple colors in them i’ve even seen blue in it before
  
    i saw what i believe to be blood a couple times
  
    the stool doesn’t fully come out it gets stuck
  
    i’ve been to the doctor and he did a rectal exam and a cbc everything was normal he said but the fact that my stools are never one solid color really concerns me please let me know if i should be concerned and if this sounds like cancer thank you

Article: 27F BMI17
  
    History: earlier periods, mild spotting and mild pain. to note, I have taken 5 plan Bs in the past five years and an emergency IUD. for the past 2 years I have removed the IUD and abstained from all sexual activities. Pap and STD negative.
  
    Dec 2022 - nothing abnormal
  
    June 2023 - 8mm “lesion” in endometrium
  
    November 2024 - 1cm “lesion” in endometrium
  
    The reports are attached (photo). https://imgur.com/a/bB4xMcn

    Is this worrisome for CANCER?
  
    I will see an OBGYN next week. However I wanted some advice.
  
    Should I get a biopsy (very scared for this because I have had bad experiences previously with IUD insertion)?

Article: I am 38 year old male that lives a pretty healthy and active lifestyle (5’10” and 190lbs). Last year it was discovered that I had prediabetes and early CKD. The doc said that my proteinuria resembled that of someone that had diabetic stress for many years. This was a shock to me and my doctor as I am pretty health conscious. We agreed to control with diet and exercise and I was able to get A1C down to 5.4. Kidney levels remain elevated. Creatinine at 1.31 and eGFR at 71
  
    Over the last 6 weeks I have been experiencing abdominal pain that seemed to be caused by excess gas and acid. I was sent to ER due to elevated Lipase levels (113) the ER took a CT Scan of abdomen and found all to be normal aside from a build up of stool. (Lipase level was also w/in ER range at 99). I since got an MRI which found nothing anomalous.
  
    I was able to get more regular and clear stool build up with Miralax but now my stool has a shiny sheen to it when I wipe (normal color and scent) The abdominal pain has progressed to loss of appetite and waves of extreme fatigue. Right now I feel like I live at 70-80% and crash to 40-50% where it’s tough to even get up, I feel easily winded and my arms feel heavy. This typically happens around lunch time. I also recently had a couple nights of night sweats and never feel rested when I wake up. My Garmin has said that my HRV has crashed to mid 40s since end of September (not sure how accurate this is but low levels after always having normal levels has me concerned).
  
    I’ve started to see a GI Specialist but we can’t seem to figure out what this is. Based on past blood work taken 2 weeks ago and scans he doesn’t think it’s anemia, blood cancers Pancreatic Cancer or lymphoma. We have ordered CA19-9 (for my own piece of mind), Lipase (to trend and make sure it’s not still raised) and Liver Labs and awaiting results but I am struggling with the slow process, restless nights and tired of not being myself. I really need help in pinpointing what could be going on or what additional tests to order.
  
    Thanks in advance for any help or suggestions this community can provide.

Article: I’ve had a swollen lymph node for about 8 months now and it’s of course, causing me to panic. I have no other symptoms of anything else and haven’t been sick. I had an ultrasound back in April and it came back completely normal. I had it done again last week because of my concern. Apparently it came back non-concerning and My docs are blowing it off but told me to follow up with a hematologist if I am still concerned. Can anyone make sense of these results?
  
    “Right neck lymph node corresponding to the area of palpable abnormality measuring 8x3x6 mm. It has a reniform shape however fatty hilum not clearly visualized. Ultrasound follow up may be obtained as clinically indicated”.
  
    I am 35, weight 100 lbs and a smoker. Thank you for your help!

Article: Hey folks, thanks for reading.
  
    To be honest I feel like I'm going mad with fatigue, so I'm just going to  throw everything out there and see if anyone has any thoughts. For nearly a year now I've been having trouble with chronic head pain. Every single day, 20-60 times per day, feeling like a hot needle is being pressed through my head or eye into the top-back of my neck. These typically last 5-10 seconds, but at the extreme go from 0.5-90 seconds.  At various points I've kept diaries of symptoms cross referenced with everything my GP could think of for me to track, and there's not been any correlations found. I've had a CT scan and extensive eye tests all come back all clear, but over the months my symptoms have been getting weirder and more intense.
  
    Over the months I've started getting intense visual aura and similar symptoms, now effecting me most days. Shadows across my vision, floating black dots, kaleidoscope effects, sensitivity to light and more. I have also collapsed now on several occasions, including a few events with convulsions and intense confusion that have been flagged as potential seizures. The fatigue and overall weakness are also intense, and now I've started to have trouble with my short term memory and sometimes struggle to find the words to finish my sentences.
  
    My GP has tried me on several anti-migraine meds which have had no effect, and I'm now on a high dose of several painkillers which have been partially effective at treating the light-sensitivity induced pain, but don't touch the pain spikes. I don't drink much - maybe half a bottle of wine once or twice a month - and don't smoke  or do any other drugs. My BMI, bloods, blood pressure, and every other basic intake test at the hospital have all come back as clear.
  
    I'm in the UK and on a waiting list to see a neurologist, but we're expecting it to be a long wait. Any thoughts on what could be happening or tips for symptom management would be hugely appreciated.

Article: F(21) I just take some mood stabilizers and occasionally drink, recently stopped smoking cannabis, but I've gotten this kinda bump before on my armpits but never down there. It's just like a swollen lump and when I would squeezethem they would pop like a pimple. Little pus and blood would come out but after a few days or weeks it would go away. When the same type of lump started forming in between my leg and vagina, I decided not to mess with it but ,of course, I started messing with it and it popped. I'm just wondering what are these bumps and how can I avoid getting them? I'm assuming it's from sweat build up and stuff cause armpits and the down below area rub against each other and sweat a lot. Any ideas?

Article: I have been having chronic neck pain and had a MVA recently with the below information on the CT report. My info: age 46, sex F, height 4'11", 90 pounds, Caucasian, no smoking , no drinking, no drugs. I'm prescribed Tylenol 3 once daily, cymbalta once daily. Below is copied from the CT report please decipher what this means is wrong with my neck as I try to find the right treatment.
  
    Occipital condyles appear intact. Atlantooccipital joint appears congruent.
  
    There is a rightward curvature of the cervical spine which has been present dating back to 2008. There is asymmetry of the odontoid process with respect to the C1 lateral masses which is favored to be chronic.
  
    Vertebral body heights are relatively maintained.
  
    Well – corticated lucency through the C6 spinous process appears chronic.
  
    The right C3 articular pillar and right C3 lamina appear congenitally absent.
  
    A prominent congenitally enlarged right C2 articular pillar is articulating with the right C4 articular pillar with severe arthropathy at the articulation of the C2 and C4 articular pillars.
  
    Multilevel cervical spondylosis including facet and uncovertebral degenerative changes most prominent at C2 – C3 on the right. Mild neural foraminal narrowing at C3 – C4 on the left.
  
    Atelectasis is noted in the lung apices.

Article: I will post pic in comments I wore a handbag with a cheap metal chain and the next day i had this itchy sore rash appear. I have had it before on my tummy also. 30 years old. Female. Non smoker. Not overweight. Many thanks

Article: I'm 22F, 5'1 and 164 pounds. On the chubbier side, extremely hard for me to lose weight. I feel weak and sleepy all the time. Recently went to my endocrinologist to get blood work because my primary said my t4 levels were low. Recently got the test results back from the endocrinologist and everything was okay except my globulin which is at a 12. The range is 17-124. I just don't know what could explain my constantly shedding of hair and not normal. My periods are occasionally irregular and painful. I do have a vitamin deficiency but it's not crazy according to the endocrinologist I've been taking d3. Also I'm on 50mg of spiro twice a day because of my acne and hair loss. My dermatologist from a while ago looked at my hair and acne and said oh u have high androgens. It helped my acne alot and I think my hair. But suddenly my hair shedding like crazy again. So I'm just like wtf at this point.

Article: Just found out family member had DNR and none of us signed for it or agreed to it. This is in ON Canada. We had it switched of course but wonder the legal implications and process behind it. Is it mandatory for one ours us to sign for it? I have always thought we need to. 45M can they manipulate us verbally to “verbally agreeing”?

Article: Hello! I’m 32F. I’ve been really sick for the past two weeks with a bad cold/flu- I haven’t had a fever as far as I know, it’s been mostly sinus/throat/cough/fatigue/nausea. Yesterday, I developed this weird really tender, really itchy patch on my nose between my eyes (photo will be linked in comments). It’s so tender to the touch that I almost thought it would turn into a black eye overnight, but it hasn’t. I thought maybe I had bruised myself from blowing my nose so much for two weeks, but I’m just very unsure, and now kind of worrying myself. I am having nausea, swollen lymph nodes, sore/tender sides of face as well, but I was kind of having mild symptoms of those already, so it’s hard to tell if they’ve gotten worse with this. Can anyone shed light on what might be causing this, or if it’s worth worrying over? I haven’t bumped/hit it, no new or different foods or meds, nothing different. Thank you in advance! Edited to add: it hurts more when I bend over, not sure if that’s relevant.

Article: I'm 24yo female with 2 kids. After my second I have no energy, waking up daily with a headache, fast heart beats, constantly out of breathe and feel like I'm failing my kids. I cannot complete household tasks or chores without feeling like I ran a marathon. Got lab work and the 2 things that were high were my MPV levels 11.8 and Anion Gap 13 my NP suggested we monitor my heart for 7 days and start on a beta blocker like propranolol for the headaches. I just have a gut feeling it's something more... I just don't know where to start. Should I wait to see if this works or push for more testing?

Article: I (40F 5ft7in 75kg) have been troubled with a clicking/grinding throat when swallowing for the past 3 months. It feels like bone rubbing against bone. It has greatly affected me mentally and physically as it is 24/7 discomfort and pain. Doctors do not know what is wrong with me but ENT suspects elongated hyoid bone. I had a CT scan and I also noticed there is marked uneven ossification of my thyroid cartilage in the exact location of the click. Could this be causing my clicking? I will be seeing yet another specialist soon but wanted some opinions whether or not I should bring this up with the ENT. I would love anyone with any radiology experience to note their opinion. Thank you for any assistance.

Article: What's the best relief back pain? I don't do drugs or alcohol. I do take Tyronal every once in a while but doesn't help much. The back pain is comes up when I stand in one place to long like when doing dishes.

Article: 32F, smoker (cigarettes and marijuana)
  
    I got an MRI scan and when I went to discuss the results they told me there was nothing significant but it shows that I have migraines. On the report it says “few scattered foci of T2/FLAIR signal hyperintensities in the cerebral white matter, nonspecific but can be seen in the setting of migraine related changes.” I don’t think I’ve ever had a migraine unless my understanding of what a migraine is is wrong. Almost all of my headaches are ice pick headaches so they are super short. Every once in a while I get one that lasts an hour, maybe two hours tops. So I’m wondering what else could it mean? The doctor I spoke to wasn’t my regular PCP it was someone else from there because he was out so we didn’t have a very detailed conversation about it.
  
    Thanks!

Article: It's a moderate sharp pain that only hurts if I use it walking upstairs/hills, sitting cross legged, or push on it. If I walk up even a slight incline it really hurts.
  
    If I walk on flat land, downstairs or even bike ride it doesn't hurt.
  
    I did fall off my bike 4 months ago and my hip hit the cement but it wasn't that hard of a fall. It mostly only starting hurting a lot in the last 2 months so it might not even be related.

Article: F21 take propranolol for tremor and migraine
  
    Am getting sinus balloon surgery tomorrow and have been give lorazepam to take before the surgery to sedate me on top of the numbing. They said I will also take a Benadryl with the lorazepam and then after the surgery I am supposed to take Hydrocodone I was prescribed from my previous surgery and go home. The pharmacist said it should be ok under supervision but I forgot to tell him I have very mild sleep apnea and I don’t even take melatonin because of it. I also technically won’t be under supervision since I’ll be going home. I was wondering if I should just push to take a Tylenol instead and wait until the next day before taking a norco

Article: Hello everyone, I’m 16 years old and just gotten a blood test done. I have no history of fainting during blood work except that one time where I started heavy breathing due to not eating any food that day.
  
    Today I got a blood test and everything was fine, I’m not scared of blood or needles, and once it was done I was ready to go. 1 minute later I’m sitting on the chair and my eyes start to drift, I start hallucinating colours and the heavy breathing begins. I didn’t think much of it since it happened before and I thought if I asked my doctor for some water and cookies I would be fine. However when she left to get water, I remember my head feeling heavy so I leaned against the wall, seconds later I remember waking up to multiple people shaking me, my mom was crying and it felt like I had just woken up. Apparently I was unresponsive for 2-3 minutes and was shaking uncontrollably and sweating like crazy. Oh and my BP went from an 90 - 108 I think.
  
    I was rushed to the ER and got more blood work and tests done (that was so cruel), everything came out fine. Doctors said it was normal for this to happen and denied me a neurology test even though my family doctor specifically requested for one, so I’m still scared since I have no history of fainting. Is it because I didn’t eat breakfast? How do I know it’s not a seizure? now I feel extremely tired, nauseous and weak. Also I remember my doctor using the term vasovagal and IMP, what does that mean?

Article: Hi all, ive had a sore throat for a few days and had a throat culture done and the results are above. The doctors at urgent care said this has never showed up in a throat culture before and i am absolutely hysterical. I actually started feeling better before the throat culture came back positive.
  
    I got put on cefdinir but am constantly anxious i will die per google. Anyone know why this was in my throat or how serious this is??
  
    24yo female, works at elementary school, only diagnosis is asthma

Article: I have had muscle cramps all my life and have never seen or heard anyone have them as often or as bad as me. I’m now 25, workout 5 days a week and cramp almost every time. I drink water more than 90% of people even people who also go to the gym. I do not eat a crazy amount but I know there’s people who eat and drink less and don’t get cramps really. Growing up around the age of 12-14 I was playing baseball every weekend. In pretty good shape for my age and would drink about 2-4 Liter size bottles of water between 2 games on weekends. I ate more then and drank more then yet in the middle of a game, running base to base, I would have a calf cramp and just about fall out at least once every weekend. Doctors say it’s just muscle fatigue but I have had it happen so frequently in my whole life it’s hard to believe. I can even feel when I’m about to get one and usually prevent it. I’ve tried potassium, magnesium, drinking over a gallon a day, taking vitamins. And they still happen all the time. If they are just cause by muscle fatigue is there a reason it happens more frequently to me. Is there some secret nutrient I can take to help. I’ve also had my blood tested and everything came back normal. Growing up (and even now) I know there were kids on m6 same team eating less or even more unhealthy, barely drinking water, and running/going just as hard as me and yet they never got cramps and I look like a psycho cramping up every other game. Also forgot to mention that I cramp in every spot imaginable. My neck my toes my thighs my biceps etc etc. still wake up in the middle of the night with my toes full cramped or if I go to stretch in the middle of the night and just slightly flex my biceps they cramp up.

Article: I am 16M, I am around 5'9 and weigth 179 lbs
  
    Hi, so I have a big blood circulation problem
  
    After 3 minutes of standing up still, without moving my legs start to itch like crazy
  
    I know its my blood because it doesnt do that when i walk
  
    I dont know what to do anymore., can't get a job because if this. Tried to see a doctor today but the lady told me I can't without a family doctor

Article: 19M, Hi, I recently started Vaping and can see the Epiglottis at the back of my throat, I can also kind of feel it. It also looks like at the back of my throat is bleeding and I can taste blood, should I be worried?

Article: 20M, 6'3, 195lbs, no medications, no major health problems. Getting tests regarding chest muscle pains.
  
    I got an ECG test, the kind with the electrod pads, and I was left in the room to take them off on my own.
  
    I missed two on the left side right on the chest, and proceeded into the xray room.
  
    I got my xray, had dinner and just now while relaxing felt them and took them off.
  
    Will this be a problem? Will it ruin the xray? Will I get mega-duper radiation exposure? They seem to be solid metal conductors.
  
    Yeesh.

Article: 36 year old female, 5’2” 106lbs.
  
    My symptoms started on Thursday with what felt like pressure in my forehead, eyebrows and my sinuses. It kind of felt like I had really dry inflamed sinuses that were putting pressure above my eyes and on my eyelids that made my eyes feel heavy. My eyes felt slightly dry nothing too crazy but enough to think maybe some eyedrops and a Sudafed would help. I did both and a few hours later I had a severely dry mouth. I chalked this up to a reaction to the Sudafed even though I haven’t had one from before. I drank a lot of water and went to bed. The dry mouth has persisted now for several days and I’m not sure if it’s because I’m hyper focusing on it since I do suffer from anxiety. My eyes intermittently feel very dry but it’s not so bad that I’m constantly needing eyedrops. The heavy pressure above my eyes is still there and kind of feels like a tight band above my forehead. I’m wondering if this is possible to just have some kind of acute sinus infection that is causing my sinuses to be really dry, or something else. Of course, when you search dry eyes and mouth, it comes up with sojourn syndrome which just feels highly unlikely, since I have no other symptoms and it came on pretty rapidly. All of this started after two months of high stress and anxiety due to a tragedy in our family. In these few days I’ve hydrated very well and used eye drops/mouth wetting gels to help. When I get the sensation of dry eyes it feels almost when my anxiety is kicking up from concentrating on it and eye drops don’t offer much relief. What could this be?

Article: Hi! This question revolves around blood test results for two of my children, 2F and 1M, but I will include relevant medical history for the rest of the family.
  
The main things I'm looking for are if this is something to explore, what questions I should be asking, and to whom. We have a great pediatrician who has seen all of our kids since birth; I love to come in with my research done and questions prepared to make the most of our appointments. When you get to our 3-year-old, I think you'll understand why. :)
  
    General relevant information:
  


    My 5F was diagnosed with celiac disease in October 2023 so the other 3 had celiac panels done as well. 3M had everything come back as normal, but 2F and 1M had high IgG and normal everything else. The pediatric GI dismissed them as likely having sugar malabsorption at their appointment but I am not particularly satisfied with that answer.
  


    Our family diet is gluten-free with an 80/20 approach to whole foods vs. processed, avoiding numbered dyes and added sugars as much as possible. Aside from celiac, there are no known food allergies/intolerances.
  


    About the 2F:
  


    celiac panel was done at 28 months, DGP IgG was 23.4, all others >1
  


    symptoms include a large disproportionate belly that went down after switching to a GF diet, stools 1-2x daily (sometimes 3 on bad days) that are usually a 5 or 6 on the Bristol scale, and so much irritability. She does occasionally state that her tummy hurts, but unsure if this is an accurate statement or a learned gestalt.
  


    she is petite but stays on her growth curve for height and weight, excellent eater of a variety of foods
  


    About the 1M:
  


    celiac panel was done at 11 months, DGP IgG was 107.2 and all others were >1.
  


    symptoms include stools that are a 5 or 6 on the Bristol scale, 1-2x daily. Sometimes 3 on bad days. Excellent disposition but does sometimes have days of just crying.
  


    he has been breastfed since birth and began regular table foods (baby-led weaning) at 6 months. Also petite, as the whole family is, but stays on his growth curve. Excellent eater of a variety of foods.
  


    About the others:
  


    5F was diagnosed with celiac in October 2023 based on blood test results only, no scope. (DGP IgA 49.7, DGP IgG 20.7, tTg IgA >250, tTg IgG 201.20) She has not done the next set of labs yet but does have several follow-ups ordered. Symptoms included intermittent stomach pain particularly after meals, urgent bowel movements that frequently result in accidents then UTIs, irritability, and itchiness. Symptoms are abating after going 100% gluten-free. She has autism. She has not had any genetic workups yet.
  


    3M is our medical whammy. He has truncus arteriosus with 3 OHSs and a mechanical heart valve, asymmetrical crying face, and congenital hypothyroidism that seemed to resolve by age 3 but was treated with levothyroxine. He had a full genetic panel after birth that did not indicate 22q or any other genetic causes, but he is a carrier for something random that I would have to look up again. He sees about a million people, most of those don't seem relevant to this but I am happy to share if needed.
  


    My husband/their dad (29M) has Hashimoto's and autism. He did 23&me which did not indicate the typical celiac gene mutations. His celiac panel came back as normal. His parents aren't big on "diagnosing" and "doctors" and "big pharma" so his medical journey has primarily been as an adult. His mother has type 2 diabetes which is controlled with diet and exercise.
  


    I (28F) don't have any of those things. I am exploring food intolerances for myself. I did have an unexplained full-term stillbirth of our first son in 2018. I developed preeclampsia in 1 pregnancy and gestational diabetes in 3 pregnancies but do not currently have high blood pressure or diabetes. No (known) family history of autoimmune disorders.
  


    My first thought would be to explore food allergies/intolerances or autoimmune issues given the test results and family history, but I could be making a mountain out of a molehill. Or, as I've experienced with the others, thinking of a boulder as a pebble.
  
    Thank you for any guidance you can give, r/AskDocs!

Article: Hi, I want to state I am very pro vaccine, this is my 4th covid vaccine  and I'll get a 5th later when I need too, I do not want any anti vaccine stuff in the post not what I'm asking. I am pro vaccine and nothing will change my mind.
  
    But, I just need to know if this is a normal response. I got my 4th dose yesterday, I got a moderna and my heart rate is going so fast. I take RITALIN too which may have made it
  
    Before, when I was lifting a bag of dog food my heart got up to 170, then stayed ar 140 for ages now it's at around 115. When should I be concerned? I am coincidentally going to my GP in about 4 hours. Is this ER worthy or wait for my GP appointment?

Article: Hello,
  
    Female, 32, Europe, 5'11, 175lbs (lost about 90 lbs the last 5 years)
  
    Today I stood in the kitchen and felt exhausted. Took my pulse and it was 130. I lied down and 10 secons later had 70. Stood up again and felt the heart pounding at 149.
  
    Is that normal between position changes, is that POTS or what is happening?
  
    (Currently I get little movement cause home office is intense. But I try to implement stretching and walking as much as I can)

Article: Hi! 25F here, 120lbs, 5’6, currently on Fluoxetine. I’ve had this random bump appear on my outer thigh that I once thought was a pimple but it’s been around for 3 months now and it doesn’t seem poppable and it hasn’t gone away in the slightest. It’s the only one I’ve seen on my body, it’s by itself. No pain whatsoever and the size has practically stayed the same since I first noticed. Is this a wart? Are there over the counter creams I could try to get rid of it? Should I just go to a dermatologist? Please help!
  
https://ibb.co/VWWxvcM

Article: My dad (53M, no health problems/diseases, Samoan, 6’4 300lbs) had a scab he picked last night and inside there’s some tiny black skin that is attached to the flesh. He cleaned it out but the black part is still there. He says the black part hurts a little when you touch it. What do you think it is? I think Spider bite ? He disagrees.
  
    He’s an immigrant, no insurance, any help is appreciated. Here’s a photo it’s not gross btw

Article: This summer I (m15) had a super sharp pain in my chest when inhaling deep, I thought it was nothing but it kept going on.
  
    It went on for about 2 weeks id say before when I was at a dinner and I played football with my cousin when I got out of breath and I got a super hard and shark feeling in my side and back, I just laid on the ground and couldn’t move it hurt so bad. I eventually stood up and went inside bending over cause it hurt so bad. I laid down on the couch super slow and I was tearing up.
  
    Later we drove home and I was surprised I even got myself inside, I laid down on the bed and didn’t move it hurt so bad at this point but at that point it started.
  
    I got cold sweated and started panicking, it felt like I couldn’t breathe, I got scared and started trying to yell for my mom, I couldn’t yell cause it hurt to breathe both out and in. Eventually I called her down on my phone and she helped me sit up, when I sat up it felt like I was sinking into my body, my eyes started getting dizzy and my vision started getting black.
  
    Even though all this we didn’t call an ambulance, I just laid back slowly and tried to sleep which I eventually did. In the day we drove to the hospital and they did a scan on me which showed I had a collapsed lung and they immediately had emergency surgery.
  
    Luckily I lived on another day and I’m asking doctors if I was close to dying or if I could live a few more days lol.

Article: 26 year old female, 5’2 200lbs, history of PCOS Propanolol 60mg XR, Trazodone 50mg, Buspirone 30mg twice daily, Hydroxyzine 50mg PRN. I found out I am pregnant today, 9 days post ovulation. I currently live in the states and do not have insurance so I need to apply. Do any of my medications need to be stopped immediately or should I start cutting doses?

Article: Age 30
  
    Sex Male
  
    Height 5’11
  
    Weight 164
  
    Race White
  
    Duration of complaint
  
    Location US
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues Anxiety?
  
    Current medications None
  
    Include a photo if relevant
  
    Hey there, I hope I am posting in accordance with sub guidelines. I will do my best to give a brief explanation of my question. So, I have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety which I think is important information here. I literally journal my vitals everyday. BP, O2, Weigh, Body Fat etc.. My recent bloodwork shows normal levels across the board and my blood pressure levels tend to be in a normal range consistently. However when I went to the cardiologist it never came up and I forgot to ask my at home Oximeter gives me a Pi index of 1-15% but constantly on the lower end. I’m not sure if I should schedule another appointment or what but it’s just concerning that I have consistently low readings. Please let me know if I am missing any info and thanks for reading.

Article: I took terbinafine and am currently taking griseofulvin. Will these affect a trichomoniasis urine test?
  
    Male 25, 5'9. 135 pounds. Medications: Terbinafine, griseofulvin

Article: Male (25) 51kg Iwas sleeping and I rotated to the other side and when I turned a sharp pain in the lower back started, I lost it and freaked out I couldn’t bend at all or standing up was even more painful, I’m laying now and I think pain is getting better but extremely slow and I still can’t rotate easily I have to be very careful, I’m freaking out, my bf is sleeping I don’t want to freak him out too but should I go hospital RIGHT NOW ! or wait till morning to see if pain goes away. Is it possible I dislocated any bone or something. PLEASE HELP !

Article: I’m 31F. I’ve taken fluoxetine daily for almost ten years. I don’t smoke or use any substances, aside from occasional drinking maybe three times per month. All of my blood work from my last annual visit in September was completely normal.
  
    About two years ago, I had my first migraine with aura. I started seeing a c-shape with a sort of zig-zag quality, which grew for about 20 minutes, until it went away and I developed a horrible migraine.
  
    Since then, I have had about 10, two of which were in the last month. The pattern is always the same. I suspect bright light might be a trigger.
  
    I brought this up during my last annual visit, and my doctor only mentioned avoiding hormonal birth control, which I haven’t taken in years anyway, due to a link between migraine aura, hormonal birth control, and stroke.
  
    Should I be worried about what seems like a sudden onset of migraines? I never had migraines before the age of 29 at all.
  
    Thank you!

Article: 30 year old female.
  
    For the past two or three years, I often have elevated liver enzymes. I am a normal height and weight (5'3, 112lbs), take no medications, has never drank alcohol,  and only take vitamin d supplements.
  
    For some reason, my enzymes are always somewhat elevated. For example, last month was 48 AST, in august, it was 54 AST, but there have been times where where it was as high as 70. My ALT is typically normal but occasionally elevated as well, such as having a result of 37 AST and 66 ALT in 12/21.
  
    My doctor has been concerned and has taken many precautions with me (which I appreciate). I have had liver ultrasounds and mris, and my liver has been fine. Not fatty, or anything else of note. All that was found were some gallbladder polyps that have been small and stable. I have no symptoms of note.
  
    I was also checked for Wilson's disease, but was given the all clear from a gastroenterologist. If its worth mentioning,  my ceruloplasmin was 18 in 1/22 and  23 in 7/22, last checked.
  
    If anyone has any insight into this, it would be greatly appreciated. I can provide more info if needed. My doctor is always worried about this, and while I do appreciate her concern very much, it also stresses me out....  Thank you so much in advance.

Article: I am 16M 160lbs Ive been experiencing this for a long time, the earliest I remember was about 4 years ago. I’ve been having what feels like brief sudden electricity zaps in my brain that go stop after a couple seconds, sometimes they go on for a bit longer. mostly on one side but it happens on the other occasionally. After it happens I begin to feel sweaty and hot and my heart starts beating faster.  And I get a small tiny headache not really noticeable if I ig Note it. Usually I’ve found that taking deep breaths helps calm it down. I’ve tried to find what they could be but to no avail. I’m not on any medication nor have I gotten off any long term prescription drugs recently. I did get a minor concussion when I was abt 8 idk if that helps

Article: F25, 115 lbs, long history of anxiety disorder, not an illegal drug user. My pharmacist and nurse assistant were unable to help me with my situation...
  
    My psychiatrist recently bumped up my Buspar dosage to 60mg from 40mg. Ever since taking this new dose, I've had a mild headache and my anxiety has increased. I have also started feeling slightly paranoid?
  
    Is it possible that I have serotonin syndrome, even a mild form of it? Should I simply go back to the old dose of Buspar? Do I need to go to urgent care or ER as my psychiatrist and primary doctor are booked for a while?

Article: Hi im a 14F 5'3 127lbs No medical conditions except anxiety and im on my MC rn
  
    Today i came uo with cold like symptoms. Headache,Bad bodyaches with no fever.
  
    This weekend on friday, thought i had a kidney infection or appendicitis because of right sided pain on my tummy aswell as back . No uti at all. Went to the fair yhe samw day and went to the fair. It was cold and raining and i had no hoody. That night i cracked my neck and thiught i had a dissection on my neck. I did not btw. Looknat my old posts but woke up on saturday with my Menstrual cycle and on sunday you can look at my old post from yesterday and today.
  
    I am wondering if i had a unknown kidney infection and i have sepsis now or the more reasonable case is that i got a cold from someone who was sick yesterday.
  
    I am taking medicine for flu and cold but idk if it has to do with my MC but i never had these symptoms with it.
  
    Its 5:10am and im having bad upper back painehwre my lungs are

Article: Vertigo/anxiety is really bad.
  
    I have not been getting good sleep all weekend, and then had to get on a plane from New York to Milwaukee this morning. I had a small panic attack on the plane and ever since I got home I’ve been having extremely unbearable vertigo. I can’t keep my eyes open without getting dizzy and wanting to throw up, when I close my eyes I just hear a static-like noise and feels like I have the spins. I’ve been drinking water and eating as healthy and normal as possible and it isn’t doing anything. I get these punches  every 15 seconds of dizziness and feeling that I’m about to faint. I’ve taken Dramamine today two times and seems to do nothing. I have to work in the morning and trying so hard to feel better but I just am not. I’ve been laying in bed under a weighted blanket and relaxing literally all day and I just don’t know what to do. I have crap health insurance so I don’t want to go to urgent care unless I absolutely need to or know they will give me something that will help- if there is anything the hospital can do? Need advice please :(

Article: I am 33F diagnosed with abdominal wall endometriosis. For treatment I have had a many rounds of different types of birth control, 2 rounds of Lupron and a few different surgeries. The most serious was a full hysterectomy (uterus, cervix,  fallopian tubes and left ovary were removed). They left my right ovary because I was 27 at the time and they thought I needed it. Unfortunately I am still dealing with pain and bleeding all month and more severe during I guess my "cycle". I am so done with it all. Recently (6 monthish ago) I noticed symptoms that were coming and going cyclically with my other symptoms. I have been tracking them in a pain journal extensively.
  
    Upper back pain Shoulder tip pain Coughing (with blood) Right upper quadrant pain
  
    I went to my GYN about these issues and honestly I feel like they were brushed off because they aren't endo symptoms (which I understand) but with them happening monthly I really don't know. In July the pain go so bad I rushed to the ER and they told me I needed my  gallbladder removed so we did that. While recovering from that I've had 2 CT scans of my pelvis and abdomen they say no new lesions but I'm still in so much pain and honestly more now since removing my gallbladder. Could these things be related to endo? Am I just being paranoid?

Article: I am female, 33. Currently on 15mg of Escitalopram and have been for about 6 years now. I used to suffer from severe anxiety and was prescribed Escitalopram which helped immensely. I don’t suffer so much with anxiety anymore, just the average amount most people experience.
  
    Lately I feel I’m becoming depressed. I have low motivation, I feel withdrawn and numb. I don’t feel anything at all some days. Appetite isn’t too good and sleep isn’t great either. I feel hopeless at the moment.
  
    I need to make some lifestyle changes which I’m looking at but I can’t seem to find be motivation to do this.
  
    Would a switch from Escitalopram to Sertraline help with my low mood? Or are they basically the same anyway?

Article: I am 21F, don't smoke or drink. The doctor does not seem fussed but they never do.  My b12 was extremely high as well (over 1600), not sure if this is relevant.  I am very worried about this.

Article: Here are the symptoms: minor forgetfulness almost daily. minor head pain on right side of the head several times per week. tingling sensation in limbs, mostly in legs that happens maybe twice a week. slight chest pains that cardiologist has referred to as 'pvcs' and harmless. cardiologist referred to a neurologist who is backed up.blood pressure is always within normal ranges unless fast food is eaten, which is about once per day. blood pressure then goes up to 'hypertension 1' according to my automated sleeve for a little bit before going back down.I do not smoke or drink.  I take no medication except a multivitamin and garlic extract pills, sometimes benadryl, though I've stopped.  also take an aspirin daily after cardiologist suggested to do so.  the cardiologist seemed to think that a minor stroke has occurred or may occur. I sit throughout the day for work also. maybe a nerve is pinched somewhere?

Article: No one can figure out what’s going on with me.
  
    I stay hot all the time. I’m pretty much constantly sweating. My hair stays drenched and looks like I just showered but really it’s just sweat. I don’t even have to be hot to be sweating though.
  
    I’ve had my physical, bloodwork, scans, urine tests, etc…. And everything comes back normal.
  
    Something has to be causing my sweating though! Any ideas?
  
    ——————
  
    I’m 34f, 5’0”, a little overweight but nothing wild.
  
    Controlled high blood pressure, taking losartan 50mg.
  
    Bipolar 2, taking lamictal 200mg.
  
    Anxiety and depression, taking pristiq 100mg, seroquel 50mg.
  
    Low vitamin d, so I take it weekly (can’t remember mg).
  
    Allergies, Allegra and Flonase

Article: Hi there!
  
    My mother is a sufferer or rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and a few other health related issues. She suffers GREATLY. She has not had much success w/ the current medicines offered for these diseases and is doing anything and everything to try and help with feeling better.
  
    My mother not the smartest with online associated things, however was looking online and came across this website; https://www.purehealth-research.com/shop?utm_source=google_sem_b_&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=phr_sem_b_brand_phr_main_all_canada&offid=phr&offerurlid=phr_sem_b_brand_phr_main_all_canada&trid={transaction_id}&affid=google_sem_b_&affsub=purehealth%20research&affsub2=sem_b_&gclid=Cj0KCQiAr8eqBhD3ARIsAIe-buNj6cLyX0KG68qhFE_N-Y3-LFai1mH1atd1ZHVGtG0Si2My8B55jCgaAnSoEALw_wcB

    Which promotes their own supplements. Ive tried to look into reviews, references, etc but honestly there isnt much posted online. She already spent 200$ with them & is getting supplements. Im worried, however.
  
    Has anyone heard of this organization?

Article: Hi everyone, so my dog bit my son (9 y/o M, 4'3" 65 lbs) while being a little too playful, I think it was a total accident. I cleaned with peroxide, neosporin and bandage, and now icing it. Is there anything I should be watching for that can signal infection in the coming hours/days? I had a friend bitten by her dog years ago and I took her to the ER and they irrigated the wound. I would hate for him to have to go through that. 😢
  
    Thanks.

Article: 21F, idk how much I weigh but my BMI is 27. I take oral birth control, concerta 27mg, lamotrigine 200mg, zofran PRN. I smoke weed a couple of times a week and I take half a 300mg delta-8 gummy daily for sleep/anxiety. Diagnosed with Celiac Disease, mild asthma, mild anemia, and classical Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. No other surgeries besides wisdom teeth removal.
  
    I had my gallbladder removed exactly 4 weeks ago due to gallstones and chronic cholecystitis. The surgery was done robotically and there were no complications, I only stayed one night in the hospital. The only thing abnormal was that my liver enzymes were still high following the surgery, going to get those labs repeated soon. Wound sites are healing great, I had minimal pain following the surgery, I was feeling good as normal a week after and I was cleared for physical activity one week ago.
  
    The only issue is that ever since the surgery my energy levels have been basically non-existing. I’m always tired, I’m sleeping more than I have in ages, and I have poor concentration and brain fog. I asked my surgeon and he said fatigue following surgery is normal because the body is still healing. However, the level of fatigue I’m experiencing seems pretty extreme for a relatively minor surgery that happened a month ago, so I wanted a second opinion. Is this normal? I’ve also been dealing with poor appetite, and I got a viral infection for the first time in ages this week even though I usually never get sick.

Article: Bit by squirrel
  
    Yesterday, my 13 year son and I were walking along a wooded trail where people commonly feed the birds and other wildlife. If you hold up a palmful of seeds or nuts, the birds will land on your hand. The squirrels will sometimes come close for food.
  
    My son had a handful of nuts and a squirrel came up to him, but bit him on the tip of his finger. I think he thought it was a nut.
  
    It broke the skin and there was a tiny amount of blood. Less than a drop.
  
    When we got off the trail about 20 minutes later, he washed his finger with soap and warm water.
  
    As of today he said it feels fine, doesn’t appear red or swollen.
  
    Should I take him to urgent care?

Article: 5 10 220 pounds Male
  
    Lately I've noticed I get pain while I sneeze. It's like a tingling pain and it's in my back, shoulders, chest and abdomen. What could it be?

Article: Hello, I am 19M, off of Accutane for a few weeks after being on it for 8 months. I am very active physically (except this past week) and maintain good eating habits (I weigh 148 ish currently). I have GAD and I have a history of vaping and a little smoking. Yesterday I did drink quite heavily (thanks University!). I’ve had mild chest pain in the middle of my chest for 4-5 months ish, it would just feel like a little sore muscle, always the same spot. When I work on my chest it hurts more/more sore. Today I woke up with a little red blotch on my skin right in the middle of my chest where the discomfort usually is. I’ve had that sense of doom and this entire day (bit better now) I was having huge anxiety (before I even considered it was a health problem) with a bit lightheartedness and high heart rate . I have no swelling in my legs and no cough, no shortness of breath either. I just don’t know what that red spot is, why I feel like this, and why the chest soreness is sometimes there and sometimes not. I’m feeling a bit better now, been 8 hours since I’ve been up. Do I see how I feel tomorrow?

Article: Age: 30 height: 5:5 weight: 130 gender: female meds you take: Paxil and Ativan and otc Aleve pm no smoking I suffer from depression and at times anxiety.
  
    This is about a month long issue
  
    I was prescribed benzos for sleep but over the counter pills work just as well now. I want to know wheter benzodiazepines and ambien have worse long term effects than otc pm pills. Basically which one is better for my health long term. Mods let me know if any other info is needed! Thanks!

Article: Im 24 male. Diagnosed with chronic rheumatoid arthritis that is already being taken care of.
  
    BUT. Last 3 months I’ve started to have a sensation of throwing up after each meal, then starting 1 month ago I realised I’ve become lactose intolerant.
  
    The throwing up sensation has worsened at the 2nd month when anything I consume will lead me to wanting to throw up. I’ve taken some gastritis meds and this has settled, now I can have a meal without much issues.
  
    But there are still seldom chest burn sensations, particularly noticeable after diet. And I need to poo after drinking black coffee or tea.
  
    For the last 2 weeks, almost all my stools were running with only few times simi solid. This is without consuming any milk related products.
  
    I have been experiencing loss of balance, words stuttering and huge amount mount of hair loss since last year, probably due to stress? Last year uni.
  
    When I close my eyes, I just feel dizzy…
  
    As of late, I seldomly finding it hard to focus my vision and my right side body has poor circulation in the morning, tingly feeling, i also find my legs extremely quick (1mins) to tingle when I cross my legs when sitting down, this is felt during the last 2 week.
  
    I’ve started to go running this week after recognising my poor circulation.
  
    Please send help..

Article: 12 year old Female, white, non smoker, medication- Prozac, cotempla, and hydroxizine, other medical issues- anxiety and adhd
  
    My daughter (12) had lab work done a couple weeks ago. It was ordered by her psychiatrist to look for causes for her increased anxiety as of lately.
  
    Most everything came back normal, but one thing did catch my eye…
  
    Her Iron was high (233) her Iron Saturation was high (70) but her UIBC was low (70).
  
    Ofcourse I did the one thing doctors recommend NOT doing, which is Google it…
  
    The first thing that popped up was Hemachromotosis and this caught my eye bc my uncle died from complications of hemachromotosis a couple years back.
  
    One other thing that is weird is that I saw that one of the symptoms of hemachromotosis is a tiff joints, especially in the fingers. She has been experiencing a trigger finger for the last 6 months. She is seeing a Dr about it and they said it will most likely go away, but could this be related?
  
    Also worth noting… my family has the factor five lieden gene.. I have been tested and I don’t have it, but my sister does. And I think my uncle that had the hemochromatosis did as well, but I am not certain. I did have a random splenic infarction 2 years ago, which is why they tested me for Factor 5 but it came back negative. I’m not even sure that has anything to do with all of this, but thought it may be worth mentioning.
  
    I guess my question is… should I be concerned about the numbers I saw in the bloodwork? And if so, what should my next step be? This was found during lab work to look for anxiety causes. I just really wasn’t expecting to find anything other than a simply vitamin deficiency.
  
    Thank you for your help!

Article: Since stopping the medication ive felt all of the above on a daily basis. Symptoms get worse at night. Psychiatrist believes stopping the medication would only have symptoms for 6 weeks at most. He prescribed me Ativan for Anxiety management and told me to take omeprazole twice a day for the nausea thinking I may have GERD. Three weeks went by with no reprieve. I visited an Urgent care clinic where they suggested I try Pepcid twice a day along with Zofran when Nausea is particularly bad. After 1 week Pepcid offered mild reprieve. Tried taking Ativan at night thinking symptoms may be due to anxiety. Ativan was not helpful. I'm at a loss. I have gotten a referral to a GI doctor but the earliest I can be seen is over a month out. Any recommendations or idea would be greatly appreciated

Article: I (28F) live in an area of the UK where recreational drug use is acceptable and expected - mostly weed and cocaine. As a consequence I have tried it a bunch of times, especially in my university days.
  
    However despite a number of efforts to understand the fuss, I literally cannot get high. I have tried multiple ways of ingesting from various suppliers and still nothing. It affects my friends or even siblings and I am absolutely fine.
  
    Now I can’t be bothered - I much prefer a glass of wine because I can get drunk but I am curious as to why I don’t get impacted by substances.
  
    I also don’t get hangovers at all and I’m unsure if this is linked. Can someone clever possibly explain why?!

Article: 21 Year old Male
  
    I have an issue regarding foam in my urine sometimes. Whenever I pee standing up, I notice foam in the toilet bowl. However, if I sit down to pee, there is no foam at all. I have self tested multiple times using urine dipsticks and all tests came back negative for protein. I also don’t have swelling in my wrists or ankles and lead an active lifestyle.
  
    The thing is I don’t really remember how long my urine has been foamy (when standing up) but I started getting concerned this year when I read that foamy urine could be indicative of protein leakage from the kidneys.

Article: I am 17, male 5’10 for the stupid auto mod shit. Over last 2-3 months or so iv been getting like pins and needles type feeling for very long durations up to hours at a time and at first I just thought id let it go away on its own but it still hasn’t gone away and its to a point now its literally just 24/7 my hand is just always numb this is my right hand and the numbness is like on the left side if that makes sense so its not the entire hand and recently has made trying to write Chinese characters very frustrating too since my hand just becomes painful after about a minute of writing and I don’t know whats wrong with it, I also go to the gym too but I don’t have or see any difference in performance with my numb hand.

Article: My brother sprayed some window cleaner right into my face, Not much like 1 or 2 sprays.  Later that day he also sprayed some into my drink, he told me it was like 3 sprays, I can't  really say what the symptoms are because i had cough before that incident, but i felt a little dizzy and now i have a sore throat. That was like 9 hours ago. I'm kind of worried, Will i be fine?   (Sorry for my grammar english is not my first language)

Article: Age: 34 Weight: 180 Location: Elbow - 1 year Sex: Male
  
    About a year ago, I developed pain in both my elbows near the very tip, especially my left. I couldn't find any diagnosis online that fit the description of what and where I was feeling so I finally go see an orthopedic. He takes x-rays and finds that I have a bone spur on each end of my elbow bone which is likely the cause of pain that is hitting against the tricep tendon when I do certain tripep exercises. The pain triggers regardless if I use dumbells or a bar and if I flair out my elbows more.
  
    Particuarlly, the lie-down tricep extensions/skullcrushers are absolute killers for me in terms of pain level. Alternatively, I can do Overhead Tricep extensions with the rope pulley with less pain but certainly moderate enough to wince at every rep. With less pain though, I can do tricep dips and tricep bench press for example.
  
    Given all this, what are some of the best tricep exercises I can do to work all the heads and progressively overload that will be best alternatives to the laying down tricep extensions? The Ortho said I just had bad genes are it was the luck of the draw to have bone spurs develop where they were.

Article: Im 19 and got a herminated disc. I got my first one at 16 and managed to heal w antiflamatory medicine. Im very skinny and have a hard time gaining both muscle and weight. So I want to start training to lessen chances of this happening. Any advice on how long I should wait so I don’t hurt my back further? And is there any thing I can do to lessen the pain if im unable to visit a doctor?

Article: Im a 14F 5'3 127lb
  
    No medical history
  
    Yesterday i was feeling around my mouth with my fingers, idk if they were washed but it felt like i had to look for something, now today i have a burning upper mouth feeling in the back and slight throat pains. I have just a headache from yesterday and bone pains. Worried about infection from my hands

Article: 33F, 5'2", 115lbs, in the USA.
  
    I've had 2 UTIs ever in my life, when I was 19. I am now 33. I would diligently pee after sex and that would always be enough to prevent a UTI.
  
    Had penetrative sex with long term partner on the evening of Nov 1st, and for the first time in 14 years I forgot to pee after sex. 3am on Nov 3rd, I felt an INTENSE burning with urination and knew instantly I had a UTI. As soon as the burning started, it didn't go away, and it was the worst UTI I've ever had by FAR. The burning was super painful, but worse than that was the 10/10 constant feeling that I need to pee BADLY. Azo maximum strength did NOTHING. I found GoodRX and got a prescription for Macrobid 5 days and at 5:30am the same day I took my first dose.
  
    4 hours later the symptoms improved enough for me to attempt to get some sleep. After the 2nd dose, things felt 80-90% good. I was SO thankful that the antibiotics worked SO quickly for me. Throughout the course, I still did feel the need to urinate almost constantly but it wasn't anywhere near as intense (maybe a 2/10) and the burning with peeing was mostly gone as well. I think by the end of the 5 days the burning would fluctuate between a 0/10 and 1/10.
  
    The day after i finished the 5 day course, making sure I only drink water, and tons of it, my bladder still didn't feel 100%. And i still had that feeling I needed to pee all the time, though the burning was gone at least. The doctor on GoodRX who prescribed me the antibiotics told me that it's normal to feel mild discomfort and increased frequency during AND a few days after antibiotics so I tried to not worry about it.
  
    However, it was getting a little worse as the days went by. I have very bad anxiety so I figured the anxiety is what is making it bad, especially since throughout the day during work, if I kept my mind off it, it did seem to help and I didn't have to pee as much. But at night it would get so bad and it would be hard to sleep. And I would wake up a lot to pee. I was scared the course of antibiotics wasn't long enough and not all the bacteria was killed.
  
    So on Nov 11 (last dose was Nov 7) I went to the urgent care and gave a urine sample. They said they found trace blood but no leukocytes, and when the doctor looked under the microscope she said "There was some bacteria but I didn't see anything else, like white blood cells". They sent the urine for a culture and I just got the call that nothing grew.
  
    She prescribed me Bactrim for 5 days and said to schedule an appointment with a urologist if the cultures come back negative. Took the first dose immediately.
  
    I have taken dose 5 out of 10 but I am still feeling that need to pee constantly and a 1/10 burning at the end of my urine stream. It has improved enough that it has been a bit easier to sleep and the first night I took the bactrim I only woke up once to pee.
  
    I'm just so confused because when I had UTIs in the past, it was such an easy fix. just a week of keflex and I was good. I don't understand why I'm STILL feeling symptoms. Doesn't the fact that the macrobid improved 90% of symptoms mean I had a UTI caused by either Staphyloccocus saprophyticus or E.coli, since antibiotics don't work if there isn't an infection and those are the only bacteria that macrobid targets? And after 5 days of macrobid and 2.5 days of bactrim.... shouldn't I be feeling nothing? Why does my bladder still feel irritated? I'm taking 1300mg of D-Mannose too... i've taken that for 2 days now.. but still feels like I need to pee constantly. Also been taking probiotics so I don't get a yeast infection and there has been no sign of that at least...

Article: So last week I suddenly got these dots on 3 of my Nails and some on my fingers. Im working in chemestry laboratory and thought that is from mixing water with Ba(No). The dots on my hands are almost gone, but not on my nails. How serious this might bet? Im white female, 31 years, 168cm, 60kg. https://i.imgur.com/qukkmfV.jpg

Article: I 35 male none smoker get dizzy/lightheaded anytime I put pressure on upper thigh (near where I broke femur as a child). Also if stand/sit I get swelling in foot and lots of pressure in pelvis. Get tight feeling in face quickly and dizzy real easy anytime pressure on that upper thigh (even laying on back)
  
    This was in my report: (confused on bilateral spondylolysis l5 especially)
  
    HISTORY: ? Iliac vein pathology; venogram phase as per req. Bilateral lower extremity edema and unusual but severe symptoms. Venous duplex ultrasound only reflexes focally in the right common femoral vein. Rule out IVC/iliac vein pathology (compression/collaterals etc.)
  
    FINDINGS: Intravenously enhanced helically acquired axial scans were obtained from the domes of the diaphragm to the proximal thighs using a CIV protocol. There is asymmetry in the opacification of the left iliac and common femoral arteries in comparison to the opacify and right side due to the venous access being in the right foot. The IVC, iliac and femoral veins have an unremarkable course and caliber. There is no sign of a compressive mass of obstruction. The lung bases are clear. The gallbladder, liver, pancreas, spleen, adrenals, kidneys midline vessels and bladder are unremarkable. There is no significant abdominal, pelvic of inguinal adenopathy. Bilateral spondylolysis at l5 is present. There are no suspicious bony lesions.
  
    INTERPRETATION: Unremarkable CI scan of the abdomen and pelvis. No sign of compression of obstruction to the venous return of the legs.

Article: Age -41
  
    Sex- male
  
    Height -5’5
  
    Weight -134
  
    Race-Hispanic
  
    Duration of complaint- 3 months, one month pain free.
  
    Location- low back pain
  
    No existing medical conditions.
  
    Occasionally smoke.
  
    Ibuprofen but it doesn’t help.
  
    Doctor reassured me that it was normal to find this in the general population, that my spine was very straight and if there was a herniated disc it wouldn’t be so strait. Is that true?… says that my back pain is most likely muscle in nature due to no other findings of symptoms. They also found some blood in my urine but I have no s/s of infection and that it’s likely a small kidney stone and that it could be causing some of the pain as well.
  
    Doctors can u please chime in and give me some feedback please.

Article: 23M. Only medication I take is symbicort for asthma. I have thalassemia minor, and I have a bicuspid aortic valve which has been progressing well. Doc says I have little to no murmur. I have been going to the gym more consistently and after strenuous workouts, I am literally drowsy. I could fall asleep anywhere in the gym. My workouts are not fasted.
  
    Any idea what is going on?

Article: Hi, I am a female age 24. I am deadly allergic to eating snails. I dont know if I am allergic to the vapor or anything else. I recently put some live plants in my aquarium and I guess some snail eggs were on it. I now have snails in my aquarium. Will it bother me? Can i still do everything as normal with the aquarium and just let them be? I mean I wont eat them lmao but I just want to make sure theres no risk.

Article: My mother (60F) feels bugs when she lays down on her couch and/or bed. She said she feels like they're pricking her. She never sees anything. She's washed her bedding multiple times and cleans the couch fabric often. I don't feel or see anything when I'm in her house. She says she only feels it for an hour or so and then doesn't feel it any more. I'm really concerned that this is "formication" and maybe the early signs of dementia? She has a family history of it, she's very socially isolated, and she is forgetful but not so much so that I would think dementia if she didn't have this family history.
  
    What should I do?
  
    I'm not going to suggest that it's all in her mind (I did once a few months ago but she doesn't remember her talking to me about this before and so doesn't remember me saying that). She's not super into mental health counseling if it's depression-related but we have talked about her moving in with me in a few years when she'll need to retire and I wonder if being around other people might slow the dementia if that's a thing?

Article: My 5 year old has a 103 fever  and I know too high can be dangerous so I'm watching her carefully she's acting totally normal besides a cough.
  
    Mother in law says to get the fever down but the body is heating up to get rid of the infection, seems if you reduce it , it could take longer to get rid of.  Seems to me as long as she's OK a fever is fine and doing its job, why did this automatically reduce a fever no matter what start? Pharma fever reducing advertising or does it have Merritt?

Article: I am 22 Male and I started taking my fitness very seriously for a year, I lost about 40 pounds but still was at 25 % body weight and had been on a plateau for (3) months, I noticed I had cellulite and wanted to know if that was the reason for my spectacularly low weight loss rate. I got tired and left weight loss altogether.

Article: Hello. I'm a 19 year old male and as of the past week I've had multiple of my lymph nodes in my head/neck start swelling without any sort of sign of illness. Only two of them are extremely swollen and those are, the one directly next to my ear on the left side and just under my ear near my neck on my right. The others is behind my head near the top of my neck and directly in the center under my chin.
  
    The only thing that I could say is potentially causing this is maybe my wisdom teeth because I need to get them removed but I'm honestly not so sure and as we all know Dr google isn't very helpful especially for people like me with anxiety.
  
    Any suggestions or advice would be greatly appreciated thanks.

Article: Hello AskDocs Community,
  
    I recently underwent a series of blood tests and received some results that caught my attention. I’m hoping to gain insights from medical professionals on what these findings might indicate, whether they should be a cause for concern, and potential next steps to uncover the underlying issue. Here are the key results:
  •	CRP (C-Reactive Protein) Ultrasensitive: 8.2 mg/L (Reference Range: 0.0 - 3.0 mg/L)
•	ESR (Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate): 35 mm/h (Reference Range for males: typically up to 15 mm/h)
•	Complete Blood Count, Metabolic Panel, and Lipid Profile: All within normal ranges.
    LAST MONTHS RESULTS:
  •	25/03/2023: ESR 20, CRP 7.3
•	25/04/2023: ESR 10, CRP 7.8
•	10/05/2023*: ESR 34, CRP 66.8
•	15/05/2023*: ESR 40, CRP 19.3
•	22/05/2023: ESR 26, CRP 4.4
•	29/06/2023: ESR 22, CRP 8.8
•	05/08/2023: ESR 22, CRP 8.4
•	21/09/2023: ESR 33, CRP 6.6
    (*On 10/05/2023, I tested positive for COVID-19, which could explain the spike.)
  
    To give you a bit more context, I am a 33-year-old male with no significant personal medical history. I’m not currently experiencing any overt symptoms, and this test was part of a routine check-up.
  
    Given the elevated levels of CRP and ESR, which indicate some inflammation, I’m curious about the potential causes. From your experience, what conditions should be considered in this scenario? Is this something that typically warrants immediate further investigation, or could it be monitored over time?
  
    I understand that these markers are nonspecific and could be raised due to a variety of reasons, but I would greatly appreciate any guidance on what kind of specialist to consult or any additional tests that might be recommended to pinpoint the cause.
  
    Thank you for your time and expertise.
  
    PD. I’ve been checking myself because I’m losing weight, and I like to monitor my health. I have already lost 33 kg, I weighed 130kg

Article: Hello hello!
  
    M22 here. Ever since my teens i’ve experienced this problem and never thought much of it. The incredible pain in my ass that usually comes after a visit to the restroom (number 2), or after orgasm.
  
    It started out with a sharp stab in my anus which literally took 2/3 seconds before disappearing again. Then, it evolved to heavy cramps after some of my toilet visits. They usually tended to last a few minutes, 10 minutes tops, with plenty of time in between episodes. However, two weeks ago it took my anus about an hour to fully calm down after i had an orgasm. Last night I got awoken from the pain and it lasted one hour as well.
  
    Aside from the cramps I don’t have any other symptoms.
  
    Since it’s only been two weeks between episodes which both lasted longer than usual, it got me thinking. Are longer episodes common? How often do you have to get episodes to contact a physician? When does it become something to worry about?
  
    I know it’s common to be during the night and when you’re sleeping, but last night was a first time for me.
  
    I do suffer from hypochondriasis which I know could be one of the causes. I also think (but never got it confirmed or checked) that I have IBS.
  
    Many thanks in advance.

Article: Hi, I am a 14 year old afab but I'm ftm, I've started to notice it hurts to pee? and I have a overreacting bladder, I don't see my doc for general health in months I think and I'm starting to find it a issue. It hurts so much to hold and sometimes I'm on the toilet for a whole minute just peeing. I had trauma at around 3 when I had hit between the enterence of my reproductive system and my urethra (I don't know the name as I have not had a sex ed class) on a metal chair and tore it open, it has been fixed but now I have a scar.  Going back to last year I had forced trauma on me, not with a penis but a guys fingers as well as being kicked directly in the groinal area. It's been hard for me to control my bladder and it's so hard to hold since it hurts. Does anyone have a general idea of what it could be?
  
    I do take medicines such as 30G of prescribed Prozac for depression, Iron meds for a iron deficiency and Omeprozale every day. I also have one neurological diagnosis which is Tics and 1 that have interference with my day to day life such as athsma and 1 undiagnosed which is possible chrons disease.
  
    As a note also my mom (35)had ovarian cysts at one point (non-cancerous) and diabetes runs in my dads side but he(41)doesn't have it, but cancer runs in both sides. (Edit) I have had ankle surgery in the past 5-6 months, due to a severe fractured ankle

Article: It was yellowish at first now it is brown. Everywhere it says abscess should be drained. Should I visit another doctor? Antibiotics: Augmentin I’m healthy female. Possibly it happened because it trimmed my nail badly.

Article: Age 36
  
    Sex m
  
    Height 510
  
    Weight 170
  
    Race Caucasian
  
    Duration of complaint: 5 weeks
  
    Location work
  
    Any existing relevant medical issues no
  
    Current medications none
  
    Include a photo if relevant
  
    Hello all, had an injury at work on 10/2.I was moving a bunch of heavy machinery and felt a pop like sensation in my bicep and felt shoulder pain. Had a slight Popeye muscle with bruising going across the middle of my bicep. And an indented line going across my bicep. Saw a doctor through workers comp. He sent me to get an mri without contrast. Took 3 weeks to get the actual mri. From my initial injury to the mri is 4 weeks. Doctor came looked at the images before reading the results and said everything looked good. Then looked at the results and said something different. He told me i may have a slight torn labrum but said i will not need surgery. He sent me to 4 weeks of physical therapy. My question, should I request an arthogram MR? Should I get a second opinion? Or does the doctors recommendation sound like the proper approach. 5 weeks after injury and I still have a slight popeye arm. Still have a dead arm and get cramping very very easily. I feel a deep aching pain almost all day. Not horrible pain, but a constant aching. Would love some advise on what I should do from here. I can put up the mri images if someone wants to go over them. Thank you in advance
  
    MRI OF THE RIGHT SHOULDER WITHOUT IV CONTRAST: This study was performed with Siemens Espree 1.5T High Field Open MRI system. Multiplanar multisequence MRI of the right shoulder was performed without the IV administration of contrast material. The acromion is flat without significant lateral downsloping or undersurface spurring There is mild capsular thickening and hypertrophy with subchondral cystic change and bone marrow edema involving the acromioclavicular joint. There is a mild amount of fluid in the region of the subacromial/subdeltoid bursa. There is a low grade partial thickness undersurface tear of the supraspinatus tendon. There is infraspinatus tendinosis without discrete tendon tear. The subscapularis tendon demonstrates no discrete tear or significant tendinosis. Muscle bulk and signal appear normal. The biceps tendon is norma lly positioned within the bicipital groove; it demonstrates normal signal and morphology. The biceps/labral complex appears intact. There is abnormal morphologic appearance of the superior labrum demonstrating slight anterior to posterior extension, suspicious for a SLAP type ll labral tear. There is normal alignment of the glenohumeral joint without evidence of a significant effusion. Mild fluid is identified in the rotator interval as well as inferior aspect of the joint. There is probable intraosseous cyst formation within the humeral head.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    Intact appearance of the long head of the biceps tendon.
  


    Low grade partial thickness undersurface tear of the supraspinatus tendon
  


    Infraspinatus tendinosis without discrete tear.
  


    Findings which can be seen with adhesive capsulitis.
  


    Probable SLAP type ll labral tear, consider confirmation with MR arthrogram as clinically indicated.

Article: I, 24 female, 5’5, 125 pounds am completely fed up with my current situation and aggravated that no one seems to care at all or have a decent answer for me. I’m just flat out getting depressed.
  
    I had a pretty bad UTI in August that sent me to the emergency room because I was peeing blood and it freaked me out. They put me on Keflex for 10 days, and this started an absolute nightmare. Since taking it, I’ve burped and farted 100-200 times per day. I have heartburn, and have lost 15 pounds. I also had a vaginal yeast infection.
  
    Fast forward three months later. I still have the stomach problems but I have an appointment for those on the 21st. The issue is, my vagina and vulva still burn. Badly. Constantly. I have shooting pains in my clitoris sometimes and pain in my vagina that goes into my legs sometimes. I’ve had 5 negative tests in a row for yeast, bv, ureaplasma, mycoplasma, STIs, you name it, I’ve had it tested. I’ve also had 3 OBGYNs look and say things look normal.
  
    I kept pushing for yeast treatments and treated with clotrimazole (had a horrible reaction, I think this started the burning in the beginning), boric acid, a zillion fluconazole, terconazole, Amphotericin b suppositories and more. Finally, 2.5 weeks ago I stopped treating the “yeast” when I got yet another negative test. Things haven’t gotten worse. May be slightly better. So, I’m pretty convinced it’s not yeast anymore since I feel like that would’ve gotten worse with no treatment.
  
    The issue is, now that I’m testing negative, the OBGYNs have literally no options for me. They just say I should “explore other options” or “seek another opinion.” But what would other options be?? No one seems to have any idea what else it could be, so I’m not sure what to do. I mean, what other type of doctor do you see for vaginal problems if the OBGYNs don’t know?
  
    I’m just really fed up. I even went to the Cleveland Clinic, which was a 5 hour drive for me. Saw TWO different providers who both said nothing was wrong with me and confirmed with testing.
  
    I know that I’m not crazy. I know that this hurts. What I don’t know is WHO is going to help me with this?? I exercise, I eat well, and I’m a generally very healthy person so this has really turned my life upside down. It’s very mentally draining to feel that no one has any ideas.
  
    So, am I missing something? Or is there anything I could try or any other type of doctor I could see? Am I just going to hurt for the rest of my life?

Article: 28/F/5'10/145LBS/USA
  
    Posted a similar Q a bit ago but deleted and reposting with additional context - I went to my PCP today and she said I could start off by getting tested to see if I'm still immune from Hep b or if I need to get the vaccine again and I was curious to know -- what tests should I ask of him to chat with me about to better understand his condition and how much of a risk it may pose to me? I know there's the panel test (saw some say 3 panel, some say 5) but should I also request that he provide me info on his viral load?
  
    He already did provide me with some blood work results, which I felt uncomfortable about at first, but said he'd be willing to show me anything else that would make me more comfortable.
  
    Anything else that's important that we should talk about?

Article: 23 Female.
  
    Over a year ago, I hit my head real hard, on my forehead.
  
    It gave me a headache for 30 minutes, and I immediately started seeing stars after. They appear every approximately 10 seconds. They look like strobing TV static. They are either in one eye or the other. (If I close one eye, half of them go away) They last about 5 seconds in my vision before fading to black. However they appear all day every day. (Like, there's ALWAYS one in my vision) On a few occasions, I've had a star stay in my vision for over a week before slowly fading to black
  
    I've been to 2 different eye specialists who tell me my eyes are perfectly fine. And a Brain MRI that also came back normal. Its like I'm having constant mini Ocular migraines 24/7 (without the migraine) and I have no idea what to do. It's driving me crazy.

Article: 27f, 5'3 125lbs. I have had my underarms waxed twice in the past 2 years but mostly I shave them.
  
    The other day i realized the hair is growing back patchy, as in there are bald spots where it was previously growing hair. A few months ago I experienced significant hair loss from my scalp, but I was taking Wellbutrin (300mg) and I stopped taking it mid September. The hair fall from my head has slowed down but it's still coming out quite a bit.
  
    Are these things related?

Article: Hello, I am a 31 year old male who has a medial meniscus bucket handle tear. I sustained this injury roughly 2.5 weeks ago. I am still waiting on a consult with an orthopedic surgeon and it’s looking like it will be another 2-3 weeks before the consult occurs and then no telling how long until it’s repaired. My question is shouldn’t this be rushed along more quickly? From my understanding the longer you go without intervention the worse the outcome typically is and the greater the risk of osteoarthritis.
  
    Also, do you know if I should be NWB or PWB on it or is full weight bearing okay?

Article: This is odd, my daughter 19F went to the ER for abdominal pain (later diagnosed as hepatitis pursuant to mono).  She reports NP at hospital discussed symptoms with her and told her to go home, drink fluids and take Tylenol.  She insists there was no physical exam.  Since I’m paying the (large) ER copay, I looked at the report the NP wrote (posted on the online portal) after the visit (with daughter’s permission, of course).  It details a complete physical exam - palpating abdomen, listening to heart/lungs, looking at tonsils, etc.  My daughter insists none of this happened.  It’s bizarre that a NP would make up a physical exam, but I also can’t imagine that my daughter forgot (?) it happened.  I feel like I should discuss this with the hospital.  How should I proceed?

Article: Hello I am 30F and would like some help about my throat. So I have always had strong sneezes but it's only recently that my strong sneezes have affected my throat. I don't have a sore throat but my sneezes causes the inside of my throat, my esophagus I guess to feel sore and can sometimes be a little painful, not so painful that I can't swallow or eat but it is annoying. Anyway it usually goes away in about a week or 2 but I have to be conscious to not sneeze or prevent myself from sneezing to help my throat heal. I'm not sure what this is, honestly looking online only gives me advice about a sore throat. I'm thinking that my strong sneezes causes a tear in my esophagus?
  
    Today as I was out for a walk I sneezed really hard and I felt my throat get sore/torn again. Which was really annoying seeing as I had just recovered from a previous sneezing incident that left my throat sore. I was swallowing to feel the extent of the damage when I hear a very small snap or pop noise in my throat and then immediate pain in my throat. This pain is not inside my throat but feels like a muscle on the outside. It hurts when I swallow and hurts a bit when I talk. Again the pain when I swallow is not in my throat but feels outside my esophagus. I'm thinking is it possible I strained or tore a muscle in my throat?
  
    I'm not sick or recently sick. I have no other symptoms nor am I taking any medication.

Article: MRI CERVICAL SPINE WITHOUT CONTRAST
  
    HISTORY: Numbness and tingling.
  
    COMPARISON: None available.
  
    TECHNIQUE: MRI of the cervical spine performed on a 3.0 Tesla scanner without intravenous contrast.
  
    Would appreciate some expertise on what my  MRI ofmC-Spine reports. Late 30s female BMI 20. Experiencing numbness, tingling, weakness and occasional stability issues. I will have bad days where I drop things and have hard time work fine motor. Had nerve test showing Carple tunnel bad enough they want to schedule surgery asap. Neck is tight with headaches behind eyes and temples. Numbness 2 different spots on back. one right above shoulder and others opposite side mid back. is
  
    CONTRAST: None.
  
    FINDINGS:
  
    There is a mild rightward curvature. Vertebral body heights are maintained. No spondylolisthesis is seen. There is no soft tissue or marrow edema. There is no compromise of the cervicomedullary junction. The cervical spinal cord maintains normal signal characteristics.
  
    There is potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament C4-C7. C6-C7: There is a disc bulge and mild central stenosis. The neural foramina are patent. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    C7-T1: There is no central or foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    There are small 4 mm bilateral thyroid nodules.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  
    C6-C7: There is a disc bulge and mild central stenosis. The neural foramina are patent. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    C7-T1: There is no central or foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.
  
    There are small 4 mm bilateral thyroid nodules.
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    Cervical degenerative changes and potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament (OPLL). There are mild stenoses as discussed above. CT imaging of the cervical spine is recommended to evaluate for OPLL.
  


    Tiny thyroid nodules.
  


    Cervical degenerative changes and potential ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament (OPLL). There are mild stenoses as discussed above. CT imaging of the cervical spine is recommended to evaluate for OPLL.
  


    Tiny thyroid nodules.
  


    then CT was done to Rule out OPLL said no OPLL so just do follow up care with neurology to monitor symptoms.. is this the right way to go about it? is it normal to have stenosis under 40 bulging discs and ostification. with my physical symptoms? advice appreciated.
  
    C5-C6: There is a broad-based disc bulge. There is mild central stenosis with subtle flattening of the ventral portion cervical spinal cord. Uncovertebral joint hypertrophy contribute to mild bilateral foraminal stenosis. The facet joints are maintained.

Article: Hi, I'm 24, female, 169cm, 58kg. Since the 25th of September I've been experiencing weird symptoms. It all started in the middle of one night, woke up with shortness of breathe that continued for days. On october I had a couple more symptoms such as almost fainting, my arms would become a bit numb (I had the same sensation of almost fainting in my arms if that makes sense), sometimes I would feel tingling on my joints (mostly elbows) and also heart (chest whatever) pain, like a throbbing pain that would go away in minutes.
  
    I had an echocardigram ECG done and it showed Small mitral valve prolapse and a Holter 24h that showed nothing special but 2 extrassystoles which I know I have since 2018 (I think it's called in english Premature Ventricular Contractions).
  
    So, basically I'd like to know if that's connected (the MVP with PVC) and my doctor called and said that MVP couldn't make me feel those symptoms but I saw in the internet that it can? I'm confused, if that's not what's causing it, then what is?

Article: 18M, 5'8'', 126lbs. Diagnosed with POTS and EDS. I recently had an echocardiogram done that revealed some findings. It was done to aid in a diagnosis of POTS, in order to rule out any cardiac issues, however I have had a history of cardiovascular symptoms, that have worsened recently. Mainly exercise intolerance, palpitations, and occasional chest pain with shortness of breath. It hasn't been reviewed by my doctor yet and probably won't for a week or so. I will release the full results here, but the main one that I wanted to discuss is the Right Ventricular Systolic Pressure (RVSP). It was measured at 37mmHg. I believe this falls under the category of "mild" Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension. My main concern is that Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension is usually progressive and eventually terminal. what could've caused this? What can I do to improve my prognosis? I am an 18 year old so obviously I would like to live at least a little while longer, could anyone help me make sense of all this? Once again, the full results will be linked below. https://imgur.com/a/HLdFbyV

Article: I am 36 old man, 92kg and 183cm, working as decorator. I had a chest infection in August, cought up a lots of mucus and I was weak for month, received antibiotics which didn't work. I've been in hospital 2 times with. I had recently a full CT, Xrays, ECGs multiple times. They found a granuloma in my lung, nothing else. My chest pain comes and goes. Never smoked, but dust is quite common in my workplace. I also have blocked nose 2 months ago, mostly the nighttime. Not sure if related, but once I slip on a stairs and to not fell back I grabbed a railing with right hand but was so sudden and forceful I felt some kind discomfort inside my chest, it didn't pain so not bothered with. This accident happened about 2 months before the chest pain started. Doctors, chest specialist said I am fine, they couldn't find the reason. Heart related problems happened with my mom and her sisters too so I am bit worried. No idea where to go with this :(

Article: I am 35F, 5'3", 180lbs, caucasian.
  

    As of the last 8 days, I have had off and on pain/aches in my left leg. I initially felt it only in my left inner calf, but after the first couple of days it began to jump around. I can now intermittantly feel it in the following places on my left leg: inner calf, back of calf, sides of knee, behind my knee on posterior, inner thigh, back of thigh, where my hip meets my femur, sole of foot, shin. In the past I have had sciatica, when pregnant with my son, which was several years ago. The pain of that was quite severe and different from this. My knees would often give out from the shooting pain and I had to regularly roll out of bed because bending was difficult. Current pain is different. It feels similar to a twinge or a burn, as if I'd been working out. The pain does not occur in all spots at once and seems to happen when I am standing, sitting and laying, at random. There is no swelling or discoloration that I have noticed. I did have shooting pain in my left lower back about 5 months ago, but this seems to have gone away. I'm concerned these leg pains may be a blood clot (which is likely 100% due to my anxiety) and am trying to decide if it's something I should go see an urgent care office for or if I can wait until my appointment in late January with my GP to address.
  
    I have GAD, MDD, potential thoracic outlet syndrome and sciatica (neither confirmed by imaging, TOS by neurologist, Sciatica by chiropractor). I take Trintellix 20mg and have a Mirena IUD. I rarely drink and vape 5% nicotine daily.
  

    Thanks for reading.

Article: Hi everyone! Male,  32 years old, , 6'0  165 lbs, occasional drinker, no smoking and no existing medical issues that I'm aware of.
  
    This cocktail of symptoms appeared in September. Initial research point to swollen lymph nodes, but I haven't been able to confidently identify the swelling.  The tightness and stabbing pain around the throat are only felt when I'm walking or jumping. Occasionally, there is also a slight throbbing sensation around the nose and mouth.
  
    What could this be?

Article: 31 Male
  
    5 foot 11
  
    205 pounds Non smoker, don't partake in any substances. Casual drinker (I've had the same bottles on my shelf for over a year and they're all more than 2/3 full)
  
    Family history of: lupus, fibromyalgia, diabetes, degenerative eye disorders, asthma, heart disease, bipolar disorder
  
    Medications: none currently but history of prozac, symbicort,  and used to take 500-3000mg of Tylenol daily due to chronic pain. (Stopped in 2013 when the pain stopped)
  
    Hello. I've had blood work done and my vitamin/nutrient levels are all good. Nothing out of the ordinary. However my calf muscles (and ankle muscles) are never not moving.
  
    I will sometimes get muscle cramps multiple times an hour, ranging in intensity. Sometimes totally unnoticed and sometimes unbearable. (Side note, I've also got reduced sensation in my toes)
  
    The only possible condition I've been asked about is CMT, but I never got the diagnosis confirmed due to my work schedule. Can provide a short video on request.

Article: Hey all, I have a question about the effectiveness of combined pill birth control after the 7 week pill break given the user missed it for a day. I’ve read conflicting information on it, and wanted a clarification. If someone were to miss the first pill following the break and not take it all (goes against what manufacturers advise) and only takes the second, third, and fourth pills, would they still be protected against pregnancy?

Article: 23F, ~175 lb, used to have irregular period before starting BCP. I am sexually active and don't use condom with my partner.
  
    I started using BCP to have a better control of my period cycle back in May and have been on it since. Last month I missed 3 days of pills but still had period during the white-pill week.
  
    This month I've been taking the bcp pills properly and on time and only had 1 pill that I took the next day. However, there is still 2 weeks left before I was supposed to get my period but I suddenly started to spot today. I'm not sure why?
  
    Breakthrough spotting happens in the beginning so why would I suddenly spot mid-bcp sheet of this month randomly? I'm not sure if this spotting will turn into a full blown period. If it does, it'll be 2 weeks early.
  
    I have also been feeling slight lower abdominal discomfort recently, sometimes it feels like there is a pressure. Sometimes it feels like a slight short, sharp pain.

Article: 26m, healthy weight and general good health, non smoker.
  
    I've had them for years  but I keep going crazy about asking myself it it's a normal mouth thing or not. You can see it clearly when making a flash picture of the roof of your mouth, not as clear when looking in the mirror with flash. Would love to hear if its normal.
  
    Overall no mouth complaints generally!

Article: Age: 35 Sex: M Height: 5'9" Weight: 195 Race: White Location: Lower left side
  
    Hi, since July I have had what I would call pretty consistent pressure on my lower left side with occasional cramping and gurgling. Sometimes when I breathe in it feels like something is pressing up there. Additionally recently I've had some constipation (inability to completely empty) and harder stools (sometimes small and thin and other times big but still sort of flat?) I've seen my GP and gastro and the gastro said he wouldn't order a colonoscopy because I don't have any red flags (no blood, no weight loss, going every day.)
  
    My GP ordered a CT with contrast to see whats going on because its been going on for a while. Could all of this be my IBS though?

Article: 21F, 5'6'', 125 lbs,
  
    Right eye dryness.  tonsil swelling constantly, mild tonsil irritation all of the time, and tonisllities flare ups. Right temple headaches. The left side is completely fine.
  

    Hello, this is an issue thats started off mild, and slowly progressed over the course of three years. It started with constant dry eye on the right side. Occasional tonsillitis flare ups every few months. Including swelling, white patches. Sometimes I couldn't talk or swallow. These tonsil flare ups would come and go and I didn't associate them with the eye dryness. Now they are partnered together, whenever the tonsil is bad, so is the eye.
  

    Now, its progressed to constant right tonsil pain, right dry eye, and a local mild pain in my right temple.  Any time I am compromised, all these symptoms get worse. I also get very tired when these symptoms get worse, and most of the time I am moderately tired.
  

    I was checked for an infection, both through swab and blood test, and there was no sign of one.
  

    I've been gargling salt water every night. I've also been flossing and using mouthwash consistently.
  

    It's progressed to a point where daily responsibilities are becoming difficult, and I can't make any compromises about sleep or diet. Any time I don't sleep or eat enough it flares up.  I don't have a social life for this reason and my grades are falling regardless. I would very much appreciate a way to fix this. Thank you.

Article: Hey there, I'm 30F, 5'6, 165, white. I recently had an endoscopy/colonoscopy and ever since the corners of my jaw have been painful to the touch. It's been 4 days since the procedure. I've never felt pain in this area. The way I describe the pain is it feels bruised, and doesn't feel like muscle tension. And it's only on the corner of the jaw and doesn't radiate anywhere else. It doesn't hurt to open or close my mouth and my masseter muscle feels fine, so I don't think it has to do with my mouth being open. I tried looking it up and all I found was that is where your parotid glands are located? Could being in a hospital have exposed me to something that would cause swelling in those glands?

Article: Hello there! I am a 38 year old female. Non-smoker. 5’4” and 143 lbs. No relevant health conditions. No prior spinal issues before being rear ended last year. Pain ever since.
  
    I received MRI results last week. I already knew of some herniated disks in my cervical spine from an MRI in September, but I had a thoracic MRI last week. The results came back with more herniated disks, one of which has a posterior annular tear. What was surprising, though, is that I have a syrinx measuring just over 2cm in my thoracic area.
  
    Question is- what type of doctor do I need to schedule an appointment with? My doctor that referred me for the MRI is a chiropractor, so this obviously is not something he can help me with.
  
    Simply put, I don’t know what to do with this new information. I don’t know what kind of doctor to see and I’m also nervous that this syrinx will rupture. Please help with what my next steps should be. I want to get in to see someone ASAP.
  
    And is there a sense of urgency with this?
  
    Thank you in advance for your help!

Article: 39F Diagnosed depression/anxiety. On Prozac, Wellbutrin, Trazodone
  
    My hands/fingers will shake sometimes to the point where I can't stop them. It's enough to where doing something that takes fine motor skills is now difficult. It's not like this all time time but there are times when it's worse. I haven't been able to make a correlation with anything I'm doing differently.
  
    I don't know what other type of information you may need but basically curious if it's worth going to my dr or not.

Article: I’m Female 18 years old, and weighs 43.5kg, within a 24 hour period I had taken 6 500mg of paracetamol and 16 200mg of ibuprofen and an additional 8 256mg of ibuprofen. I feel pretty fine so far besides (idk) an ache or a pain in mostly my upper body. I was just wondering if I’ll be okay since i started at 11am and haven’t taken anything else since 9am(???) and it’s currently 8pm

Article: F36 5ft 11 180 pounds.  Active lifestyle - run and walk regularly. Not on any medication, recently finished Saxenda after 5 months.
  
    I developed left shoulder tip pain 10 days ago - out of nowhere.  I sat in a taxi and just instantly felt uncomfortable. The pain felt like it radiated down my arm and came in waves.
  
    I’m UK based, couldn’t get a GP appointment so called 111 Wednesday of last-week as the pain felt worse and like it radiates to my chest from my arm and shoulder tip. I was told to go a and e. Seen by on-site GP who queried a cardiac event, ECG performed.  Then seen by a and e reg who said the ECG was deranged but normal - presence of ectopic beats but nothing that concerned him so discharged without any further investigations.
  
    Pain has persisted but tonight felt like an attack.  Sharp stabbing painful left shoulder tip pain worse on inspiration - came in waves lasting in total 20ish minutes.  Felt JUST like the gallstone attacks I used to get before my gallbladder was removed 8 years ago.
  
    At the time of pain I felt like I needed to go a and e but then it settled again and I’m just back to this dull ache in my left shoulder tip, a heavy ache down my left arm and a mild discomfort to my chest.
  
    Can ANYONE advise further? I’ve tried my GP surgery every single day and can’t get an appointment, and I would feel like a dickhead again if I rocked up to a and e.

Article: 21M, Caucasian, 5"9, 175lb. No drinking or smoking.
  
    College football player here. Had a shoulder injury that sidelined me for a few weeks, and when I returned to play, I noticed some discomfort in the sesamoid of my right foot. This pain gradually got worse and worse over the course of 2 weeks. Then in a game this past weekend, my toe got bent back very far against the turf, and the sesamoid has been extremely painful ever since. It has affected my walking as I am no longer able to push off the toe, and I can't even do a single leg calf raise (running would be out of the question). Basically, anything that bears significant weight on the sesamoid region is very painful. I saw a foot specialist and he thinks I just have a naturally bipartite sesamoid, and that I'm just suffering from sesamoiditis. However, given the pain level, I think it might be fractured/ stress fractured. Please see X ray and let me know your thoughts. It is the fibular (outer) sesamoid in my right foot. You'll see that both sesamoids in my left foot (on the left side of x-ray), and the inner sesamoid on my right foot, are all unipartite.
  
https://imgur.com/usRN1am

Article: Hi all, I'm a 29 male, 184cm, 69kg, caucasian, I take magnesium 5g twice a day (doctor order), I'm a past smoker (stopped 6 years ago) and a occasional drinker.
  
    Been expericing some palpitations (fluttering of heart), some of them feel quite hard and there was a day that i felt them like every 10 minutes.
  
    They seemed to have started after I started using my relvar ellipta (inhalator). I've stopped using it 2 days ago and the number of daily palpitations have decreased. What's the explanation behind it?
  
    Also every time I have these palpitations, the heart rate stays the same. Every time. Is that a good sign?
  
    Thanks.

Article: I’m a 35F and I’ve always fallen in the “normal” BMI category, very active, eat healthy, etc, until recently. I’ve had 2 kids, my last baby was born March 2022. I have NOT been able to lose that baby weight despite my best effort. I do HIIT 6x/week, eat low carb, when I do track cals I’m in a calorie deficit. But I’m still about 15-20lbs overweight.
  
    Also, my pregnancy constipation never resolved. I never had an issue with constipation in my life except when pregnant but that never went away after my second kid. My periods are normal. 27 days. Very regular. I don’t notice hair loss or brittle nails but my skin is drier than normal. I’m tired ALL THE DAMN TIME but I also have 2 little kids so I just attribute it to that.
  
    I take Effexor 150mg, vitamin d 1000 IUs (after low diagnosed in June), magnesium supplement, fish oil, and tumeric.
  
    I went to my pcp in june for the weight and constipation. TSH - 0.94 FT4 - 0.7 (L) T4 total - 4.9 (L) FT3 - 2.1 (L) T3 total - 70 Vitamin D - 25 Total cholesterol - 236 LDL - 137
  
    This was weird to me bc TSH is normal, on the LOW end of normal! Wouldn’t it be on the high end for subclinical? I also never had high cholesterol before, maybe bc of high protein low carb diet so I switched that up. Anyways my pcp thought bc of my sxs he prescribed me 25 mcg of synthroid. I took it for 3 weeks and just started to feel like my constipation was improving towards the end of the third week but I got hesitant to take a lifelong med so I stopped it. (I’m a bad patient I know!) I’m taking 1,000 IU vit d daily.
  
    I decided to go to endo specialist for this to see what he said. By then I had been off thyroid meds for like 8 weeks. Here are repeat labs 10/31
  
    Total cholesterol - 204 LDL - 115 Vit D -28 FT4 - 0.7 Free T4 index - 1.1 T4 total - 3.8 Thyroglobulin - 2.9 TBG (THYROXINE BINDING GLOBULIN) - 28.3 normal? Idk what this is TSH - 1.32 FT3 - 2.9 T3 total - 84 T3 uptake 29% THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODIES <1 THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES -1 Vit B12 - 321 AM cortisol 11.9 Normal thyroid ultrasound.
  
    He wants to start me on a higher dose of synthroid.
  
    My questions are:
  


    Could I just be off and slowly get back to euthyroid function on my own without meds?
  


    Why is TSH normal?
  


    Could vitamin d be messing all of this up?
  


    Will I have to be on synthroid forever?
  


    If you’ve made it this far, THANK YOU!!!

Article: Sorry got title wrong so repost
  
    Female 26 years old White british 5'6 and roughly 10 st Non smoker No current meds
  
    So I've been to the gp today and they want to take bloods and a stool sample to check to see if I have IBD. My mother has pan colitis , grandmother ibs.
  
    My symptoms currently are mild I'd say.
  
    Random episodes of upset stomach ( loose stools ), not massively regular but regular enough to feel like " oh this again" Bleeding sometimes but not all the time when having a bowel moment. Also pain sometimes.
  
    No hemorrhoids but I do have a polyp o have recently noticed.
  
    Aside from that I also seem to be in a near constant battle with the skin on my hands flaring up. They get painfully sore , dry and crack, get tiny blisters . I use gloves all the time but it doesn't seem to matter.
  
    I also have scalp psoriasis.
  
    Dr today was reluctant to say anything after an examination and stated they wanted to wait for the tests to come back first.
  
    I guess I'm just after some more opinions on what could be going on and if other practitioners think the same .

Article: Male, 33, 70kg, 1.72m Allergic to dust and pollen (both mild)
  
Main symptoms

    Stuffy nose that won't completely to away. Headaches (probably due to the sinuses being blocked). Itchinesa around eyes, nose, throat. Post nasal drip.
  
    Symptoms much worse lying down.
  
    Lasting for three-four months so far, with varying intensity. Currently pretty bad.
  
    Symptoms lessen significantly when not home.
  
    No prior history of such symptoms.
  
Medicines Tried

    Fexofenadine Hydrochloride 180mg tables - Helps with the itchiness. Mometasone Furoate Nasal Spray - No effect Sudafed (xylometazoline hydrochloride) spray - Clears sinuses
  
    None work permanently, they just make me feel better for a while.
  
Supporting Information

    Nothing has changed around the house that could have introduced something new I didn't know I'm allergic to.
  
    As mention above, taking allergy medications helps with the itchiness, but had no effect on the sinuses. Post nasal drip (or at least feels like it) is constant,with varying severity.
  
    When I leave the house for a holiday, most recently a two weeks away, symptoms went away. I also feel better when out of the house.
  
    Currently ventilating the house, having windows open most of the time, seeing if that helps flush out whatever is irritating me in the house. Also suspecting humidity? I dry clothes indoors indoors, trying to see if symptoms get worse when I have clothes drying or not.
  
    Will see a doctor on the 22nd this month.
  
Questions

    Any idea what this could be?
  
    I would bet this is an allergy, but I'm worried that the alergy medicine is not working for my sinuses. Could humidity cause such such symptoms?

Article: 39f
  
    Hoping someone can tell me if this looks normal or not or at least label what’s been scanned. Where actually is my cervix?
  
https://ibb.co/SyJk9P9

    Thanks

Article: Sex: F Age: 22 Height and weight: 5’4, 140 lbs Medications: combined birth control pill Medical conditions: none
  
    I suddenly developed motion sickness within approximately the last year-ish. Prior to this, I have never in my life had a problem with motion sickness. I used to travel a lot, and I’ve flown on 30+ planes with zero issues. I was a lover of roller coasters. Motion just never seemed to bother me until last year, when I started to feel weird when I went in elevators. When the elevator would start or stop moving, I would feel this strange dizzy-like sensation in my head.
  
    Then, a few months ago, I flew on a plane for the first time in a couple years. It was an awful experience- I got extremely dizzy when the plane took off. It was the same feeling that I get on elevators, but 10x more intense. The dizziness made me feel sick to my stomach. The dizziness and nausea finally subsided once the initial take-off was over and we steady in the air. However, anytime there was even mild turbulence or the plane suddenly “dropped”, the dizzy feeling came back. I have never experienced this before. Like I said, I have always flown with no issues. Interestingly, I felt fine when the plane descended; it was mainly the take-off that bothered me a lot. The plane ride back home was even worse. This time, I tried taking a non-drowsy Dramamine, but it did absolutely nothing. I felt even more dizzy than I did on the way there. Additionally, the dizziness was accompanied by tingling and numbness in both of my hands. It was so bad that I was unable to move them during take off.
  
    It seems like sudden acceleration could be the issue. I am usually fine when driving in cars, except when the car suddenly goes very fast. For instance, there have been a couple instances in the last year where I have been a passenger in a car and if the driver starts accelerating suddenly, I get that weird woozy feeling. But prior to the last year, this never was an issue. I’m just wondering if it is normal to develop motion sickness out of the blue, or could it be indicative of a more serious problem? Any advice would be appreciated.

Article: So a little backstory first. In April 2021 I took a 10 mg Sativa edible. It's been a long time since I've done marijuana but I thought 10mg was low enough that it wouldn't cause an issue. A few hours later, I went home and my wife was unloading things she bought from Ikea. I carried in a bookshelf and after bending over to put it on the ground and standing up, I had a MAJOR heart palpitation. I felt it from my head to my toes. Immediately I started panicking. I have a blood pressure cuff and took my blood pressure. It was around 160 over 95 and my heart rate was around 120. My normal BP is usually 120 over 80 and around 80 bpm. So it sent me further into panic mode. I looked up if THC could cause heart problems but was assured that it couldn't. I was eventually able to go to sleep and woke up fine the next morning.
  
    Fast forward to the following saturday and I had another round of panic, High BP, and high bpm. At this point I figured the THC has to be out of my system and that I was having a true cardiac issue. Went to the ER and was checked out. No triponen in my system or any sign of any cardiac distress. Aside from some elevated triglycerides, I was very healthy for a 40 year old. Was released in a couple of hours and went home. Had fits of the same panic and chest pains for the following week. Exactly one week later on a Saturday, I had the same panic attack. Went to a different hospital that is known as the local "heart hospital" and got the exact same results.
  
    Prior to this incident and ever since I have yearly checkups with my cardiologist as my family is rife with cardiac issues. Subsequently, all of my followups with my cardiologist since then have been unremarkeable. My levels are always excellent (some even better than the average for a 40 year old male). I have a calcium scoring of 0. My EKG and stress EKGs are always perfect. Aside from a slightly high resting bpm of the 80's, I'm far healthier heart wise than any of my predecessors.
  
    One other issue that I've had in the past is heartburn. Typically, my heartburn would manifest as just that, a burning in the chest. Ever since this incident, my heartburn manifests as a rapid heartrate, pounding in my chest, and otherwise cardiological response. I've had an endoscopy done and found out that I have a hiatal hernia and GERD. I try extremely hard to manage my diet but the GERD diet is very, very restrictive. Especially for someone who enjoys the burger and fries. And what's harder to accept is that prior to this edible incident, my heartburn wouldn't be NEARLY as debilitating as it is now.
  
    One last thing of note is that at the time of taking the edible I was taking Buproprion and Buspirone for anxiety and depression. I thought maybe the THC would help but apparently a rare occurance of serotonine overdose can occur but I question if 10mg would really cause that to happen. I wasn't taking a considerable dose of the prescription meds at the time.
  
    So, any ideas? My primary doctor is instructing to just go full bore on a bland diet for 6 months to a year. One thing that did help was in May I went full carnivore and noticed a huge improvement in my overall health. I spoke with my cardiologist and she thinks it would be a good idea to go back onto it and monitor my levels closely. I know some elimination diets can help narrow down the culprits. But I just find it so wierd how gastro processes are manifesting as cardio issues.
  
    edit: I forgot to add that I did a heart halter monitor for 1 week with no abnormal remarks as well.

Article: hello! i’m a 19 year old female, who is currently suffering from anorexia nervosa and amenorrhea. i am technically a normal weight however. so i have recently discovered (since part of anorexia is being extremely hyper aware of my body) that whenever i wake up early (5-7am) and go to work, i get extremely bloated. my stomach feels full and it’s extended/pudgy feeling without eating anything. however, if i wake up later and don’t work or work out, my stomach stays flat and tight. no matter what i eat, my stomach blows up during these days too. i feel like it’s important to add that i don’t eat late, soo i don’t think it has much to do with digestion unless i’m wrong? i would really like some relief from this bloating and puffy water retention, but i’m not sure of its causes. soo if anybody has any answer or has experienced this please help!

Article: I'm 31M, 220 weight and 6'1. Currently on Eliquis 5mg for life and thc edibles
  
    I while back I had a dvt and was told I have an atrophic IVC, which caused the clots. I started eliquis and will have to take it for life. After starting eliquis I had microscopic hematuria and the below ct scan was order to investigate. Is there anything worrisome about this result?
  
    CT ABDOMEN, CT ABDOMEN PELVIS ENHANCED
  
    CLINICAL HISTORY: Microscopic hematuria with possible hx of lynch syndrome.
  
    Findings:
  
    No prior exam is available for comparison.
  
    The left kidney is markedly atrophic and demonstrates scarring. There are right cortical medullary renal cysts. Spleen, left adrenal, pancreas, gallbladder and biliary tree are normal. No worrisome liver lesions are identified. There is benign calcification present adjacent to the right adrenal. No worrisome adrenal mass is seen. There is marked atrophy present involving the inferior vena cava extending to the level of the hepatic veins. Coarse linear calcifications identified involving the cava at the level of the liver and there are linear calcifications present within the right common and left common iliac veins. Numerous collaterals are identified throughout the pelvis and retroperitoneum. In addition there are prominent lumbar veins present bilaterally as well as a prominent azygos and hemiazygos vein.
  
    The large and small bowel demonstrate normal caliber. Prostate is normal. The seminal vesicles are symmetric. There is no evidence of an upper tract urothelial neoplasm. No focal bladder lesion is identified.
  
    There are no aggressive skeletal lesions. Lung bases are clear..
  
    IMPRESSION:
  


    NO UPPER TRACT UROTHELIAL NEOPLASM.
  


    VENOUS CHANGES WITH COLLATERALS AS DESCRIBED. THESE FINDINGS MAY RELATE TO CHRONIC THROMBOSIS. CONGENITAL INFERIOR VENA CAVA ATRESIA IS FELT TO BE LESS LIKELY.

Article: 29 Y.O Male, 5'8, ~180lbs, White
  
    Primary complaint: Pain in left arm, mostly in my bicep; Random muscle twitches; anxiety/depression
  
    I've recently started experiencing muscle twitches in random spots, mostly in my calves and arms. They were popping up in random areas last week, but now they've pretty much only been in my left bicep and calves every so often.My other complaint is my arm pain. The other week I was stretching and felt a weird sensation down my left arm. Now, my bicep feels sore periodically and twitches on and off throughout the day. I want to believe I'm guarding and there's a bit of upset nerve in the area but idk.
  
    I have no weakness or visible muscle loss, and my paranoia has me checking it every night before bed.
  
    I'm getting to the point where Its depressing me and affecting my mood. I am in grad school with loads of stress as is, and I can't seem to shake this fear. Any input is appreciated!

Article: I got a burn on my left inner arm that got infected i was put on an SSD cream and i also am taking a antbiotic cephenix 1000 mg twice a day  today it looks like bubbles are stating to form and it hurts  i am a 67 year old female  is this normal for a burn  has anyone else dealt with this

Article: I’ve been struggling with daily brain fog for about two years that makes me feel fatigued with a tingling headache between my eyes. Would any of this blood work from a CBC indicate why? I’m a 31 year old female.
  
    MCV 78.2 MCH 26.7 MCHC 34.1 Iron 60 %saturation%(calc) 17 Ferritin 34 Vitamin D 41 Hemoglobin 13

Article: I 27 female, have a question about my 6 year old males lab results.
  
    My 6yo son just got some testing done to figure out why he’s sick more than everyone else in the house as well as his peers. They did a CBC with differential, CBC with PLT, TSH, IgA, IgG, IgM, CMP, and sed rate. He was healthy (no symptoms of anything at this appointment, but had been sick for almost the entire month of October, half of September, and half of August). TSH, CBC with PLT, and Ig’s all came back within normal range (although WBC is verging on low and platelets are verging on high). His sed rate is elevated and considered high for their lab, creatinine is low (was low when he had an MRI in August as well) and bilirubin is low. His reactive lymphs are also high. Is there any specific further testing I should be asking for. I understand the beginning of the school year there’s more sickness, this is not about that. He’s like this year round, it wasn’t until he started missing a lot more school due to being sick (almost 20 days already) than his preschooler aged brother (who has only missed two) hat I realized that it’s really not good how often he’s sick. And he also gets everything more severely than everyone else other than maybe me (mom), especially respiratory illnesses.
  
    Some family history, his bio-dad has an autoimmune but I’m not sure what kind. I just had my own allergy testing done and my IgE is low but they didn’t tell me if I need further testing for that. My brother has Type 1 diabetes, my grandmother passed from leukemia on my fathers side, and my uncle on my mothers side has childhood leukemia but survived it.

Article: I’ve (f24)(cigarette smoker)(5’5 ft)(~158lbs)(currently not on any meds) noticed this rash on my right hip some days ago, it is not itchy, hasn’t spread to any other parts of my body, nor on my boyfriend’s. I do have a history of moderate-severe eczema, but it’s been under control for a couple of years.
  
    The pics shown below show the progression of the rash: first and second photo are from Friday, second picture shows how it looked like after showering and applying CeraVe on it, third pic is today (Monday) after waking up.
  
    I’ve been applying CeraVe moisturizer on it, and it’s become less red, more dry, but the size doesn’t seem to be decreasing. Still no itchiness/new spots.
  
    I switched my body wash from a fragrance free aveeno soap, to an equate-dove knock off that IS scented because they didn’t have my usual available last time I went grocery shopping, other than that there has been no change in my skin routine. Weather has become colder where I live, and I’ve been under a bit more stress than usual. I don’t have pets, nor have been in contact with any animals as of late, or been in contact with anyone that has any skin infections. Curse fomites though!!!
  
    I have contamination OCD (diagnosed) (I do wash my hands more than a normal person) which immediately made my head jump to some type of infection (i.e ringworm, staph, etc) this of course has been making me have a really tough time to say the least :’(
  
    An opinion would be nice to keep me a bit sane until my dec 18th appt w a dermatologist.
  
    Thankssss :’(

Article: Hi! Asking about my son (2yo, male) who was diagnosed with iron deficiency anemia earlier this year. We’ve always really liked our pediatrician and the care he provides, so I’m not sure how to navigate this. Sorry for wall of text. I am really hoping for guidance here!
  
    Events start from April this year (16 months old at this time) We’re in daycare so picking up illness left and right. However, at that time my little guy was feeling terrible, I could just tell something was off. Doc said he didn’t share my concern but ordered CBC and blood culture anyway. Culture negative, but diagnosed severe anemia.
  


    HCT 29.1 range 32-45
  


    HGB 9.3 range 11.1-14.5 They say he’s sick right now, let’s retest labs in about a month when feeling better. No problem.
  


    June- recheck HGB in their office - 10.6, still low. They send order to outside lab
  


    ferritin level is 24, range is 30-400
  


    HGB 10.6
  


    HCT is normal We start liquid iron 30mg per day at that time.
  


    Recheck in August.
  


    HGB 11.3
  


    PLT are low
  


    Odd results that concerns the Dr.
  


    myelocytes, stomatocytes, micro and macrocytes, smudge cells, moderate hypochromia. He says we could have cell destruction, or his body is rapidly spitting out new cells in circulation since starting the liquid  iron. He reorders CBC with a retic count - we go back in 2 days later. The results are better and “cleaner”. Continue the supplement.
  


    HGB 11.1, RBC count is normal, retic count normal
  


    We recheck at his 2 year check up. October 23rd - HGB result is 10.2. He asks if we have family history of Thalassemia (no). Orders more tests and says he is concerned about why it’s showing low again.
  


    TSH is normal
  


    HGB 11
  


    RBC 4.69, retic is normal level
  


    HCT near low end of normal
  


    Ferritin is 40.5 range is 30-400
  


    UIBC is 331 range is 29-91
  


    Iron is 24 range is 50-100
  


    HGB Fractionation Cascade is all WNL, but the note from lab says this doesn’t test for ALPHA thalassemia. I wondered if they would add that test on, but no.
  


    Nurse calls to say that test results are mostly fine but showing low iron reserves so continue supplement for 2 more months then stop the supplement. No change to dosage. Very confused by this, why would we stop? His levels keep teetering between truly low and low end of normal range - despite being on liquid supplements. Should we get a second (general) pediatric opinion or ask for a referral to hematologist? Thank you!

Article: I am 29 years old male. I have pimple between ear and jawline due to which lymph node swallow.but it decreases after 2 to 3 days but not completly gone. Is anything serious?

Article: i’m a 21m who’s very concerned about cancer i’m 6ft 130 pounds i do not smoke or drink and i do not take any medications for anything there is mo family history of colon cancer as far as i know the symptoms i’ve experienced are as follows
  
    stuffy nose for months
  
    random stomach pains after a bowel movement and sometimes before
  
    my stools aren’t one solid color there’s multiple colors in them i’ve even seen blue in it before
  
    i saw what i believe to be blood a couple times
  
    the stool doesn’t fully come out it gets stuck
  
    i’ve been to the doctor and he did a rectal exam and a cbc everything was normal he said but the fact that my stools are never one solid color really concerns me please let me know if i should be concerned and if this sounds like cancer thank you

Article: Hello all,
  
    I am 22 male, 165 lbs, 5’8
  
    Had ear trouble my whole life. Docs finally decided to put tubes in. Got out of the procedure about an hour ago. Forgot to ask them if I can use my gaming headset and AirPods

Article: https://ibb.co/album/pjQWjv

    This bump has shown up on my armpit about a week and a half ago, it’s very small, smaller than my fingertip. I’m 21 male and have no smoking history and am not on medication, my weight is around 180pounds and i’m about 5’4-5’5. it’s soft and hurts a bit when I touch it but that’s it, it hasn’t grown or anything during the week i’ve noticed it’s existence.
  
    I don’t know what it is and I’m worried, any help?

Article: 36F, 210 lbs
  
    Meds - Tylenol, Excedrin, or ibuprofen for pain daily since I was about 12, methocarbamol, LDN, Allegra twice a day, vit d, ginger and tumeric, two gi meds for reflux, phosphatidylserine, magnesium glycinate
  
    I was on cymbalta tried for four months for nerve pain and gained 35 lbs so I quit taking it.
  
    Never smoked, drink wine occasionally maybe 2 glasses a month rarely hard liquor.
  
    Please help me figure out what's going on. I've been in pain practically my whole life but the last two years have had a huge increase in symptoms. I also had two children (just turned 5 and 2). Some symptoms started after getting the second c vax (a lot of the rashes, skin pain, and low grade fevers) and I had the flu and covid 3 weeks apart that just knocked me out completely.  This testing started 7/22 (when I had covid).
  
    Recent test from neurologist these were the high results -
  
    Leukocytes - 3.4-9.6 - 10.9 Neutrophils - 1.56-6.45 - 7.56 Hemoglobin - 11.6-15 - 16 Hematocrit - 35.5 -44.9 - 44.9 Calcium - 8.6-10-10.1 Alanine Aminotransferase - 7-45 - 52 Antinuclear ab, S - <=1 negative - 2.7 Phospholipid ab - <15 negative - 18.5
  
    Two previous positive ANA. Negative lupus. Antiphospholipid was positive from the hematologist but I've never had clotting that I know of Chronic EBV Failed tilt table test - 82 laying down up to 118 up and back to 83 within a minute of laying down T wave abnormality Had a nodule on thyroid and was on a low dose meds for hashimotos but it disappeared like four years later and my levels are normal
  
    Rhuem diagnosed hEDS and relapsing polychondritis, Neurologist said I didn't quite pass the test for hEDS Immunologist thinks MCAS but tryptase came back normal GI - duodenum shows moderate inflammation and erosion but blood tests negative celiac
  
    Symptoms off and on over the last two years - Brain fog, skin rashes and hives, very sensitive skin in general like everything hurts, low grade fevers, hair loss, erythromyalgia multiple times a day, swelling and redness on my left earlobe and face, joint pain including intense stabbing, bad muscle cramps, worsened GI symptoms always nauseated and bloated, light headed, buzzing and humming throughout body, fatigue, PEM, worsened migraines, worse anxiety, just generally unwell
  
    My whole life (I remember headaches and general pain/fatigue from around 7, first sinus surgery at 12) - urinary retention issues, migraines, muscle and joint pain and spasms, gi issues, 4 times of extreme fatigue, trouble sleeping, erythromyalgia symptoms in hands and feet a couple times a year, off and on anxiety, reflux, tmj pain, bruise easily
  
    I was also a gymnast as a kid and was in a car accident where my head hit the windshield at 12 which caused worse neck pain and headaches
  
    Mom has had a stroke, dad and uncle had diabetes both passed in their 50s without autopsy, both parents high BP, both grandmas and mom osteoporosis, many have thyroid issues and arthritis issues, brother has x factor 12

Article: Honestly I don't know why if it's a good idea to post this in here. Everyone in my life, including my therapist, says that is just a psychosomatic issue that will go away eventually. But I just can't stand it any more, I feel as though my body is shooting down.
  
    It all sort of started last year, at the end of the semester, I started to have intense pain on my limbs, my legs and feet especially. It got to a point where it was really hard to walk. This was followed with extreme fatigue that would make me dizzie and blur my eyesight. Then by nausa and very frequent episodes of diarrhea that made me lose 4k, making me borderline underweight.
  
    I did a couple of tests, including X-rays and blood tests, but other than lacking some vitamin D everything was completely normal. This made me feel horribly insecure, as if I was becoming a hypochondriac. But I managed to go to a couple of doctors that pointed me to a reumatologist that diagnosed me with Fibromyalgia, after getting this diagnosis I started to try everything the doctor recommended me to try to feel better. But nothing has really worked, I excercise twice a week, I take vitamins and supplements, I'm on antidepressants that are supposed to pump up my seretonin levels and changed my diet multiple times.
  
    But I don't really feel any better, if anything, I think I'm getting worse. I suffer from extreme ice pick migraines everyday, when I can I sleep over 12 hours, my muscles twitch uncontrollably, I have chest and abdominal pain at night time, neck stiffness, ringing ears, the diarrhea continued to a point that in the bad days I sometimes can't hold it in, and I also started to urinate extremely frequently, and it has gotten to the point where I also can't control it.
  
    The urine is clear, almost colorless and I feel the need to urinate almost always. The places in my abdomen where I think my bladder and kidney are hurt sometimes when I go to the bathroom. This strangely enough, is along side of extreme thirst, but I don't think I'm retaining any water because I would have to go to the restroom at least three times just during the span of drinking a 500ml water bottle. A nutritionist told me that I was maybe low on sodium, so I started drinking more electrolytes and salty lemonade, but still nothing has changed. I already got my urine tested and as always, the test came back normal, saying that there's nothing wrong with me and ruling out a UTI and a kidney infection, so I guess that is good.
  
    I'll admit, some days are better than others, and some days I'm able to ignore the symptoms completely, other that having to go to the bathroom more than usual. But most of the days are agony, it feels like I'm dying. I was thinking about going to a neurologist, but when I told my psychiatrist about this he told me that it was just going to be another waste of money and time. That the tests will come back with nothing unusual. He said that I just need to accept that all I have is a psychosomatic/reumatological problem and that I just have to hold on and it'll get better over time, when I'm psychologically better. I think that I'm getting psychologically better, but physically I still feel sick. I don't know what to do, I'm afraid of spending a lit of money fir a neurologist just to have it come out that there's nothing wrong with me, and that I'm just a crazy hypochondriac.

Article: 35F, no meds, 5'7, 160lbs, PMH mild sleep apnea, anemia, right bundle branch block. I'd like a second opinion from a different cardiologist about some Cardiac stuff before I try to get pregnant.
  
    Would my first cardiologist know that I was getting a second opinion if I set up an appointment with another doctor? I would probably stick with her if family planning wasn't on the table, but I just want another set of eyes on some test results before I jump into something that could put my health at risk.
  
    She was a coworker of mine in the past and I would just rather not have her know that I went to see someone else.
  
    Thanks!

Article: Is it a UTI or something else?
  
    Hello just a little background. I am a 24 year old Male, 5’9 and currently in Europe on vacation. Since last week before my vacation,  I started having some pain around my right lower quadrant. Slowly that shifted to the left side and kept feeling it build but didn’t think much of it. I then noticed the smell of my urine was off and it was darker than usual. It also felt extremely hot when I peed. Yesterday I started feeling groin pain on the left and right sides close to my hips as well as pain right underneath my belly button as well as lower back. I received an online subscription for antibiotics and already took one pill this morning. Could this be a UTI or something different? Just a little anxious about all this because I’ve never felt anything like this before. I just started developing pain underneath my left rib cage. It’s a sharp pain.

Article: Iam 17M, 5’6 and 127 Ibs. Not sure what this is. Ive been sick since yesterday with a horrible headache, body aches, and a sore throat. Iam negative for covid, and the flu.    Blew my nose and this weird red clump came out. As for as I know, its not mucus because it doesnt seem to be slimy and it doesnt behave as mucus should (retains original shape)

Article: Age: 36
  
    Sex: f
  
    Weight: 180 lb
  
    Height: 5’6
  
    Conditions: high blood pressure, adhd, ocd, anxiety, depression
  
    Meds: lebetalol, Escitalopram, abilify, Atomoxetine
  
    Complaint: eye twitches when I touch it.
  
    For the past week, whenever I touch my eye, it twitches. It lasts 10-15 seconds. It also twitches occasionally when I don’t touch it. If I don’t touch it, it twitches 10ish times per day. It is just my right eye.

Article: 23
  
    Male
  
    5ft 9in
  
    140lb
  
    Woke up today with eye redness in one of my eyes. It doesn’t hurt but it was causing concern as it’s been a good amount of time today and the redness hasn’t gone down. I texted my eye doctor friend and she doesn’t think it’s pink eye, but it could be CLARE? Which I never heard of. I wanted to see if anyone else had an opinion on it and whether I should be worried. I just bought some refresh eye drops to use. I do wear contacts and I took them out. The only discomfort I’m feeling is a slight pressure sometimes, but other than that it’s not bothering me as much. I’ll attach a link of my eye HERE

Article: i’m 15F; 5ft 5 & weigh 43.4kg. last wednesday i got my weight taken & this was it. all i eat in a day is my dinner & breakfast of a pancake & i walk between 10-15k steps everyday. i went out on saturday & i had a 3 course meal but all i ate on sunday was my dinner & today i only ate my breakfast but on the car-ride to the doctors my dad forced me to eat a chocolate bar(250 cals) and to drink lucozade(4 cal); and somehow my weight is now. 44kg. i just don’t get it; i haven’t been overeating or binging and i hate eating before weigh ins but today my dad forced me to i was using a different scale but i don’t get it. to gain one pound you need to eat 3500 calories & i did not do that on any day at all. i’m so sick of this

Article: For some context: I broke my nose as a child and now at 28 years old I’m trying to correct my nose and fix my breathing. The first septoplasty I had a year ago was unsuccessful. After the splints/casts were taken off, my nose started to heal/move in the wrong/old direction and my breathing worsened again over time. Recently I had a revision septoplasty with removal of concha bullosa and my nose started to heal in the old/wrong direction again although not as bad as the first time according to my surgeon. I have followed all recovery instructions, slept reclined, didn’t touch/injure my nose, etc but my problem seems to remain the same.
  
    I really don’t want to keep undergoing surgery for this and possibly cause lifelong issues from surgery complications. My surgeon is saying my nose isn’t as straight as it was post surgery but it’s still “decent” and that it’s still too early to say anything since I’m a bit less than a month post-op.
  
    What could be causing my nose to re-deviate? I understand that surgeries being unsuccessful is always a possibility but for it to happen twice in a row seems like something else is wrong. I don’t want to blame my surgeon out of ignorance because he has many excellent reviews and was really professional and seemed competent. It’s just that sometimes when I ask my surgeon a question he seemed reluctant to answer me and says something else like “let’s wait and see” or “can’t say much at this point”… etc

Article: 35F Any medical pros know why my BP would be on average 30 points lower now? I was consistently always 120's over 70's and now I'm 90's (92) over 60's. I feel like crap.
  
    I'm getting blood work done, etc. and I know 90's can be ok for some people but it's not my norm. What would cause a consistent drop like this? I do also have orthostatic hypotension
  
    I don't take meds except meclizine as needed for vertigo. No heart issues. No diabetes. Blood panels have been "normal" all past draws.

Article: I'm 20M, take no regular medication nor am I diagnosed with any illness.
  
    I've recently been especially concerned as they've been growing in number and area. To best explain it, I've had these white bumps on my penis for a few years now, but never thought much of it as I though they were Fordyce spots. At first, they did look like that: colourless (skin tone), barely noticeable to the eye. As time went on, they started to have this white look to them, and today they look as white as ever. (I'm unable to add an attachment, I apologise.)
  
    I went to the doctor before who prescribed me an antifungal cream to apply twice a day, with the recommendation to wash my penis thoroughly before application, and to always dry it down properly. (This wasn't a dermatologist.) I did take the treatment for a while but I gave up, as it didn't really help. Ever since I have not tried anything else.
  
    I must add all my vaccines are up to date, and all of my blood tests come clear.
  
    Is talking to a dermatologist the best option here? I appreciate your time and any advice you could give me.

Article: 10 days ago I started having diarrhea and cramps, I couldn’t explain why because I was careful with what I ate. During the first days it was bad I had to wake up early in the morning to go to the toilet. On 7th day I started doing the following:
  


    drinking a lot of mint tea
  


    taking 5 drops of liquid propolis every day
  


    took a teaspoon of cocoa raw once
  


    ate toast and bananas and soup and rice only
  


    no sugar for 2 days
  


    taking one Imodium once a day
  


    Now it is the 10th day since I have this problem. Compared to the beginning, I no longer have diarrhea that wakes me up. I only feel the need to go once a day but the stool is still a little too soft.
  
    The main issue is the stomach ache and cramps which seem to be stronger than in the beginning. Nauseous in the morning after eating breakfast but didn’t throw up.
  
    Otherwise I feel fine - full energy, no weakness, no dehydration. If it’s worth mentioning I have an irregular sleep schedule where I sleep at 4-5 AM and wake up around noon every day (still 7+ hours of sleep)
  
    I noticed that before this issue started, I did the following things the day before:
  


    started eating sunflower seeds after 2 years
  


    started taking vitamin D after 10 months
  


    ate persimmons for the first time this year
  


    ate Cadbury chocolate for the first time in my life
  


    I stopped all of them on my 7th day.
  
    ——————
  
    Age: 24 years old
  
    Gender: Male
  
    Weight: 68 kg
  
    Height: 183 cm
  
    Allergies: none
  
    Other (unrelated) issues: Chest and sternum pain

Article: [M27] “Migrating” wound in between upper lip and gum
  
    About me: Male, 27, USA. 5’ 10”, 220 lbs, Non-smoker, occasionally drink.
  
    I woke up Saturday morning with a sore spot where my upper gums and inner lip meet. It feels roughly like a canker sore, but it would bleed when I brushed it. Because of the angle, I can neither see it or get a picture of it.
  
    At that time, it was approximately 1.5 cm right of the center of my mouth. As of Sunday, I thought I noticed that it had moved slightly, but this morning, i feel it near my second molar, still in between lip and gum. I feel no scarring or remaining abrasion where the wound originally rose up or along the path it “traveled.”
  
    My teeth feel fine. I have no toothaches, nothing is loose, and my teeth are in good shape. I’m just a bit weirded out that this wound seems to be progressively moving—not expanding, just wandering.
  
    I had some cheese and crackers on Friday and thought maybe the cracker cut my gum at some point, but that—to me—doesn’t explain the moving. Please, any explanation would help.
  
    Thanks in advance.

Article: Hello doctors! I am a 28 year old male from South East Asia. Due to my mother's health scare I developed anxiety and began showing physical symptoms like chest pain. I just got done taking my EKG and Echo. On my EKG, it said borderline sinus rythm and Incomplete Right Bundle Block. On my Echo, it showed Myxomatous Mitral Valve with trace Mitral Regurgitation and mild Tricuspid Regurgitation. The doctor said it was nothing to worry about but I am worried nonetheless. Is my symptoms related to my diagnosis or is it caused by my anxiety. Is having myxomatous mitral valve common? Should I be worried about my diagnosis? Like if the mitral valve can degenerate further? Thank you and good day!

Article: I'm 14m 200lbs 5'7  been overweight my whole life I learned if it goes undiagnosed for a long time you can get barrets am I fine? I'm gonna go get checked soon but I'm on a trip for a little bit also I have this chronic cough it's just a little cough but sometimes when I breathe I feel coughing and Everytime I eat breakfast I feel throwing up

Article: I’m writing this post for my wife as she doesn’t use reddit, she gave me all the details/pictures and permission to post.
  
    She is 40F, latest BP is 109/77 and I’m attaching a list of her current meds at the end. For the blood clot, about 5/6 weeks ago she had extreme worsening pain in her left leg with swelling and the rash I will give details about later. She went to the ER where they found a blood clot in her right leg. She had been spending a lot of time in hospital waiting rooms and sleeping on chairs because of a sick relative which she thinks may have contributed to it. The ER Dr prescribed a blood thinner, and she made an appt with a hematologist for a follow up.
  
    So some background, she has had restless legs when she sleeps for years, no rls diagnosis (it takes a lot for her to see a Dr for something). She actually said since these recent treatments since the blood clot it’s gotten better. She went gluten free about 5 years ago and it’s largely stopped her headaches and now when she eats gluten it messes with her system and she gets a headache. She said her menstruation is normal.
  
    Maybe 6 months ago she was complaining to me that her left leg was numb from the shin down, she wouldn’t see a dr about it and eventually she said it wasn’t numb anymore. Then maybe 3 months ago she started getting rashes on her legs, moreso on the left one. I’m attaching a picture from today because the rash never went away. https://ibb.co/album/cX6vyM She says usually it’s not painful at all or itchy, she bruises easily in general and it kind of looks like bruises but it’s not. But when her left leg got painful and swollen before the ER she doesn’t know if it was the rash that was painful or if it was something else. Her right leg (that has/had the clot) almost never bothers her and the rash is less intense than the left.
  
    Ok so the Hemotologist had her continue the blood thinners and took blood work. Her iron, iron saturation, and ferritin were all very low. Which I think explains a lot, she’s very fatigued a lot, has no energy after work (around 25 hrs a week fast food) and spends a lot of her time in bed resting. This has been for at least a few years now but getting worse and worse. So the Dr. had her do 4 weeks of iron infusions (once a week) then come back. She did the infusions, saw a very slight boost in energy levels but not much else. 1 week after the last infusion they took her blood work again and her iron levels were nearly unchanged from the first blood tests. This was last week btw, they did a CBC w/ differential/platelet and a comp. Metabolic panel. These were the items with alerts for high/low: iron 19 low, iron saturation 5 alert low, hemoglobin 9.5 low, hematocrit 31.6 low, mcv 71 low, Mch 21.4 low, mchc 30.1 low, rdw 16.6 high, everything else was within normal range.
  
    She is supposed to schedule an ultrasound to check on the clot and then see the hematologist again in 2 weeks. In the meantime she is supposed to take iron supplements and continue blood thinners. We are concerned that the iron is so low still after 4 weeks of infusions. And her energy levels are back to super low again and the rash never went away. She was already dealing with anxiety/depression and has anxiety around doctors so all of this has just been really taxing on her. Especially worrying about the clot breaking loose, but hopefully the ultrasound will show it has been dissolved.
  
    Shouldn’t there be an underlying reason for most of these symptoms? Something that can be treated? She’s not sure what she’s supposed to be doing to get better and just waiting on appt after appt is expensive and stressful. I’m worried she’s going to just stop going if they can’t help her soon, and the medical bills are stacking up (we are low income). Please let me know if you need any more information.
  
    Medication list:
  
    Zoloft 200mg
  
    Clonazepam 1mg  (2x/day)
  
    Focalin 40mg
  
    Eliquis 5mg (2x/day)
  
    Nexium 20mg (2x/day)
  
    Zinc 30mg
  
    Iron 26mg
  
    Womens multivitamin gummies
  
    Pre and probiotics: Pre 33mg Pro 1.5 g
  
    Edit: I realized I should probably add to my post that she had one of those stomach stapling surgeries about 10 years ago, not sure which kind. She can only eat and drink small amounts at a time. I’ve wondered if she has problems absorbing nutrients since that can be a long term side effect. She is a little overweight though so she is getting enough calories but maybe not getting the right nutrients. She did say she gained about 5 lbs recently. She is 5’0” and about 140lbs I think.

Article: 29F, height 5 ft, weight 137, issue: chest pain, elevated pancreatic enzymes, do not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes, no medications are currently being taken.
  
    Last night I was in the hospital for chest pain and then blood work revealed I had elevated pancreatic enzymes (which ended up being nothing). I had to get a CT scan done. The machine started and instructed me to breathe in and then took a picture then instructed me to breathe out, suddenly the machine stopped. The radiologist said she didn’t know what happened and that we had to move to a different room and use the other machine. She also could not lower the bed back down I’m guessing because the machine just stopped.
  
    What the heck happened and was it dangerous? I’ve read a story of the machines malfunctioning and spewing out tons of radiation on the people being given the scan. Do you think it’s possible something like that happened in this situation? Another thing is like to add is BEFORE the malfunctioning of the machine and BEFORE any contrast was given I suddenly felt a warm pricking feel on my legs. I am aware that the contrast dye will give you a warm sensation and make you feel as if you have to pee but this was not that sensation, this was before the dye was administered via the IV.
  
    My concern here is excessive radiation exposure. Do you think this machine was faulty and possibly exposed me to an unsafe amount of radiation? What would be the signs of this? Would warning lights have flashed on and off? Would an alarm have gone off? Would I have major physical symptoms?
  
    Also, how likely is it that the machine malfunction in such a way that it would spew out tons of unsafe radiation onto me? I’m just trying to figure out what the heck happened and why the machine just stopped mid imaging and why she couldn’t lower the bed back down. Thank you!

Article: 67,  female, no medications, non smoker, no medical problems currently.. I have always had these tiny white cysts surrounding my anus, all my life, but they have never bothered me, and have never become irritated or infected.. Last week I noticed two small ones were sore and becoming inflamed... They have seem to have joined together to form a small boil/ abscess? Not sure how to classify it... I've been doing sits baths every day religiously for seven days and there's some drainage but not a lot and there's a very large white head which 'm not sure is the actual infection or the actual cyst... It's extremely painful. I'm going to see a dermatologist tomorrow, but was just looking for any thoughts on here…. Can’t provide a photo because of the area that it’s in.

Article: 23F Healthy EKGS and troponin draws and cbcs and cts in the past month.
  
    Can an ekg miss a heart attack?
  
    I’ve had seven this year due to constant chest pain and pressure and went in again tonight because it’s getting worse. Ekg was normal today and a month ago but the wait for the blood test tonight was 13 hours so I left. Now I’m freaking out that it missed it and I should’ve waited for the blood troponin test.

Article: Hello! 24yr old Male. I’ve had a fungal infection from sports for years on my left foot. Recently took the initiative to treat it and noticed that one of my toenails is quite dark. Appointment set with PCP to examine, but curious if anyone might be able to identify what this is. Worry is that it’s a melanoma, but know the likelihood is low. I had a bad toe stubbing a couple weeks ago that might account for a hematoma, but I didn’t pay close attention to any changes.
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/WcKhALM

Article: 17M and ive been feeling some pain in my elbow joint for the past week or so.  its a bit weird since i can only feel it when i bend it at a certain angle and it feels kind of like a sharp pain nearish to the bottom of my elbow. its not too painful but im just worried if this is serious because it was most likely from going to the gym and i dont want it to be a recurring issue.

Article: I have had a lump thymus for two plus years.  I asked my GP for a X-ray.  He refused said too much radiation,   I told him not concerned about radiation.  He said he would only order an ultrasound.  I unnecessarily waited and got the ultrasound knowing that is not the right test.  I asked the Cancer Clinic what is the work up.  They told me I was correct an ultrasound is not used.  A X-ray, CT and then PET scan.  I sent this information to the doctor but he refused to order a X-ray.  I did not want to insult his lack of knowledge so I said my niece is an Oncologist.  I do  have a niece and she did confirm I was correct.  She had the Cancer Climic send what scans are done to diagnose thymus cancer.  I sent that along with photos of the thymus tumour.  He called to tell me my ultrasound is negative normal.  I asked for a X-ray again and refused.  I told him my niece is an Oncologist again and refused.  I had a telehealth doctor order a X-ray and everything normal but I think next step is a CT scan.  Unfortunately, the telehealth doctor moved overseas.  My GP has put something on my file because every telehealth doctor I speak to or see at a MediClimic they tell me to ask my GP.  I tell them he refuses and getting a second opinion.  I have had increased lower left quadrant swelling and sent photos to GP asking for a private MRI.  I would be paying not BC Medical.  He refused and said the swelling is fat.  I told him it is swelling not fat because I do not have an once of fat on my body.  He said “you know women have fattier sides”.  I was in shock.  It took months to be brave enough to see him in person to prove show it is not fat.  Then he quickly said it is posture.  I told him that is what the ER doctor told me  and criticized that diagnosis. I asked for a requisition to have a private MRI of abdomen and paying for it at a  private imaging clinic.  He refused and said “you have had too many scans”.  He knows I have yearly scans for thyroid cancer and my Neurologist  wants a yearly MRI of brain and spine.  I have lost 10 lbs in one year never been this weight since I was a young girl.  Loss of appetite.  Now subtle pain radiating rib cage and up to left breast.  ALT levels went from 13-38.  I keep on reiterating the MS drugs prescribed for 35 years damages the liver.

Article: Male 21, 187cm and 75 kg. Duration of complaint: 7 months. A little context on this story: Started to eat more ‘ outside’ this year like college and restaurants.
  
    It started as a intense nausea and constipation that eventually went away, then the belly problems came in, intense discomfort in the mid upper abdomen, dull ache and bloating in the upper part, feels like someone is squishing my small intestines, mushy looking weird stools that makes the water toilet bowls dirty and weight loss, the ache was so annoying that made my body shake internally, horribly symptoms.
  
    So I did blood tests all came back normal, normal CRP and ESR levels and some high ferratin, upper endoscopy normal ( no h.pylory via biopsy), abdominal ultrasound normal, abdominal non contrast ct scan normal, normal  colonoscopy only with findings of terminal ileum hyperplasia ( biopsy says ‘ samples with no significant changes’) so I assume it’s normal. Stool culture for salmonella, shingella and campylobacter negative and parasites also negative, Giardia antigens and PCR for parasites all negative. Stool Calprotectin normal, value of 5. Sibo test negative, no ulcerative colitis, antibodies for celiac and chrons disease negative. So what could be this debilitating ilness? What other tests should I do?

Article: I have had a lump thymus for two plus years.  I asked my GP for a X-ray.  He refused said too much radiation,   I told him not concerned about radiation.  He said he would only order an ultrasound.  I unnecessarily waited and got the ultrasound knowing that is not the right test.  I asked the Cancer Clinic what is the work up.  They told me I was correct an ultrasound is not used.  A X-ray, CT and then PET scan.  I sent this information to the doctor but he refused to order a X-ray.  I did not want to insult his lack of knowledge so I said my niece is an Oncologist.  I do  have a niece and she did confirm I was correct.  She had the Cancer Climic send what scans are done to diagnose thymus cancer.  I sent that along with photos of the thymus tumour.  He called to tell me my ultrasound is negative normal.  I asked for a X-ray again and refused.  I told him my niece is an Oncologist again and refused.  I had a telehealth doctor order a X-ray and everything normal but I think next step is a CT scan.  Unfortunately, the telehealth doctor moved overseas

Article: Hi! My grandmother has been experiencing shakiness, trouble breathing, loss of balance, and another symptom I don’t have a word for. For example, if you ask her to touch her finger to her nose, she can’t figure out how to do it, or she gets confused. She gets confused with simple requests, like asking her to grab something. She went to an ENT to check her ears, they found nothing. Her primary requested she goes to physical therapy, but it seems like physical therapy may not remedy this issue in my opinion (I’m not a doctor though). Can anyone provide insight as to what she should be asking for? What specialist should she be seeing? Any and all advice is welcome. I appreciate the help!

Article: I’m an 15M 185cm and I’ve had an intense pain in my intestine area for the whole day. It feels like there’s something there but I can’t seem to push it out for the life of me. What can I do. This is the most intense pain I’ve ever had

Article: Hello!
  
    I’m prescribed hydroxzyzine 20mg to take whenever my anxiety is bad or I can’t sleep. Two days ago, I took it for the first time in months and immediately the next morning, my chest tightness/pain was so bad I had a really difficult time eating or even breathing. Now, two days later, it still hurts to eat or breathe, not as much, but it still hurts a lot. The pain is to the point where I am unable to breathe for the few seconds after swallowing when it happens.
  
    Should I go to the ER and get my heart checked out or is it okay to wait it out?

Article: Hi everyone! I’m a 26 yo female. I’ve had two lymph nodes in my neck that have been swollen since I was about 13. Last week, I noticed 3 more became enlarged and painful. Now they’re swollen and not returning to normal. My neck looks enlarged because of it. Should I be concerned?

Article: i used a dodgy technique to remove tattoo i got when i was very young via injections, it removed the tattoo but caused a keloid scar in the shape of the tattoo. im not prone to keloid scars and now that im much older i have an idea to cover my keloid scar with a tattoo that i like.
  
    Is it possible to tattoo over my keloid scar without making the scar worse? Do tattoo artists tattoo over keloid scars? Has anyone had tattoos done over keloid scarring from tattoo removal injections?
  
    The scar is on my forearm and im very insecure about it. i haven't worn a t-shirt in public in several years. Cheers.

Article: Hello, I’m a 21F in Canada. Recently I’ve been having pain when urinating, which at first I thought was just due to an accidental cut I got during sex, but it continued to sting while I couldn’t check my lower area clearly due to my period. The past few days with both my period and that issue have been terrible, it was a pain to do anything including standing, sitting, sleeping. I think it’s because of my pads that keeps chaffing the area and irritating it more.
  
    Both my period and the pain started in similar times, 5 days ago, and now that my period has finally ended I’m seeing that I have two white “sores” (they look similar to canker sores), one on each side of my labia minora. It’s just a single sore on either side, both about/less that 1cm x 1cm. The pain in my daily life has gotten better now that I don’t have to wear a pad, but it still stings when I urinate or sit. I think (but am not sure) that the stinging while urinating is caused by urine contacting the sores and not directly due to my urinary tract, as when my stream is weak it comparably doesn’t sting as much (if that makes sense). My vaginal area also looks slightly swollen, but I haven’t been able to check my discharge due to my period. Should I keep monitoring myself for a few days, or what else should I do? I myself think it’s a yeast infection, but do yeast infections cause said sores? From what I’ve researched it’s a possibility, but some say it’s an STI, but comparing it to pictures from STI sores online they don’t look similar? Mine just look like two separate canker sores, like the ones you get in your mouth. Or could it be just some cuts I got from intercourse? I’ll admit I have a bad diet with a love for sugar (my BMI is normal), not sure if that contributes to anything. Any advice would be appreciated, thank you in advance

Article: O.D. Sphere/ -0.50 Cylinder/-3.50 Axis/171°
  
    O.S. Sphere/-0.50 Cylinder/-3.50 Axis/4°
  
    This is my latest eye exam prescription I don't know how to read it or what it means. My main questions are:
  


    Is this a strong prescription?
  


    Should I get the glasses (yes I think I should because of blurriness but money is tight)
  


    Will it get worse if I don't get the glasses
  


    What does Axis, Cylinder and Sphere mean for eyes?
  


    I know it's stupid to ask but I really would appreciate it if someone would help!

Article: Hey everyone, I'm 21M, white, and have a clean bill of physical health. I had some B12 deficiency but that has been treated. The reason I'm writing here is because I have severe OCD and anxiety and I'm not sure how to handle it. I have had two unconfirmed seizures in my life. The first was when I was a baby after getting a vaccine. The docs acted like this was completely normal apparently. I had an overnight EEG done and it didn't show anything irregular. The second happened after I took penicillin, around 8 hours after having my wisdom teeth removed. All of the sudden I felt really light headed and everything just kind of faded out. I was assessed by paramedics afterwards and deemed to be in fine health. I was also assessed by my family doc who said the same. Both parties suspected a faint due to either drug reaction, dehydration, or both, not a seizure. My license was not revoked. It has been well over a year since that and I haven't had any issues other than extreme anxiety and PTSD symptoms as a result of that experience. I guess what I'm asking is, how do I handle the anxiety around this? Obviously I'm going to be seeing a psychologist, but just wondering if anyone here has any advice. I'm so afraid of seizing while driving because I heard about it suddenly happening to someone else. For anyone in Ontario, do you know of any health anxiety resources? Thanks.
  
    Important note, I had no aura or anything after passing out the second time. No idea about the first cause I was a baby. The only reason I worry about it potentially being a seizure is because I lost bladder control and apparently arched my back for a second. I know for sure my blood pressure tanked and then recovered shortly afterwards.

Article: I am a 47 year old male who just started taking Zoloft again last week. I have been having issues with dizziness or more like lightheadedness off and on at times over the past 7 years. But it got really bad the 2nd half of last school year. I missed a ton of work the 2nd half of last school year. But just last Monday I passed out when arriving at school or shortly after arriving at school. I have felt so weak and lightheaded ever since that I haven't been able to return to work because I don't have the strength to get out of bed most of the time since last Monday.

Article: 24M, 5'6, 135lb, white, shortness of breath, 2 months, only smoke weed. Could someone help me interpret these? I have had shortness of breath for the last 2 months. It started with heart palpitations after smoking weed. After, felt chest pains, occasional palpitations, persistent shortness of breath. I've been overall a bit better since, but my shortness of breath is still so awful after 2 months. I cant even speak a sentence without having to catch my breath. I saw a pulmonologist, after a pulmonary function test he told me to see an ENT. I'm seeing an ENT friday, a cardiologist soon.
  

    here are my Pulmonary function test results :   https://imgur.com/a/277CF6R

    I'd really like some help interpreting these. What is wrong with my breathing? My pulmonologist said based on this my lungs are fine but something else is causing an obstruction?

Article: 30M, 6'2, 185 lbs, moderate drinker non-smoker, and my mom has been living with rheumatoid arthritis for probably the past 25 years or so.
  
    For the past few weeks, I've been waking up with both of my feet feeling incredibly stiff and somewhat painful (both are stiff, right foot is a bit more painful than the left). However, it clears up pretty quickly once I start moving and only seems to happen in the morning or if I've been sitting for an extended period (which doesn't happen all that often since I'm very active). I've been running a lot more recently and spend my free time gardening where I squat a lot. Here is an image of the general area where the pain is: https://imgur.com/a/5pkdJEl

    On the one hand, I'm still fairly young and a male, which seems to slightly reduce the odds of RA. Although my mom does have it so that probably makes it more likely. Part of me thinks this is probably just extensor tendonitis given the area (from what I've read, it seems like RA is often in the toes to start).
  
    Any idea how worried I should be about this actually being RA? Am I pretty likely to get it since my mom has it? I've read conflicting things online, with some saying that I'm only at a slight increased risk of RA whereas others make it sound like a foregone conclusion.

Article: I (female, early 30s, 5'0, 135lbs, no current major health conditions, no current medications, no smoking/drinking/drugs) am almost 7 months postpartum. I am not breastfeeding at this time.
  
    My period came back around 2 months postpartum, but my cycle has been very irregular:
  
    20 days (June to July) 27 days (July to August) 32 days (August to September) 18 days (September to September) 31 days (September to October) 18 days (October to November)
  
    Is this something I should bring up to my doctor, or should I wait and see if it gets more regular?
  
    If I should bring it up, what kinds of tests may be used to see the cause of the irregularities?
  
    Thank you in advance!!

Article: 27f, working in a logistic field.
  
    Going for open heart surgery soon for an atrial septal defect.
  
    Hi all, will a postthorax vest help my chest to heal faster and stabilise the sternum further once i use the vest? Or do i need advise from my surgeon/cardiologist?
  
    I am planning to go back to work in 2 or 3 months after surgery. My work does require lifting of heavy cables about 80 percent of the time. The shelf are taller than me which requires me to lift my arms and hands up to put the stuff.
  
    Cables and other product can weight as light as 0.1g to 40kg. I am worried after I come back from work that it might disturb my flow of work as I hate to ask for help. :(
  
    Any advise or experience would help. Thank you in advance!
  
    I saw videos of patient vlogging themselves on youtube mentioning that it took them A YEAR TO FULLY HEAL?!! I cant be sitting at home for a year due to the working field im in.

Article: Hello Reddit I’m a 21M who loves cats but for some reason every time I’m around them my eyes get itchy and my nose start running like crazy. But I really want one. I’m not diagnosed as allergic to cats I never went to the doctor. This is just from going to friends house and soon after touching cats symptoms begin. Is there anything I can do such as take allergy pills everyday or a shot that will let me have a cat?

Article: Mandatory Info: 18M, 6'4, 230lbs, Caucasian, no medical issues, no current medication, Canadian, and I do not drink, smoke, or use recreational drugs.
  
    I never considered that I had an attention deficit disorder because I did well in school. However looking back, I displayed many of the symptoms that are present today for years. I did the obvious stuff like procrastinating and having difficulty focusing on tasks but that is fairly commonplace. More importantly, I've had people(family and friends) constantly point out my "hyperactivity". For example, I could never stand still(shuffling and constantly moving). If I was doing something like watching TV or anything that wasn't interactive, I would fidget. At school, it would be constantly playing with erasers, pens, rulers, etc. At home, it would be throwing a ball against the wall, banging a stick against my shins, or obsessively shaking my leg. As a kid(8-14) I displayed a lot of the disruptive behaviour you would associate with ADHD(interrupting conversations, impulsiveness, excessive loudness, and chattiness) but that has drastically improved as I aged. Those are most of the symptoms that I know are relevant but I have a few habits or tendencies that are irregular.
  
    I have never been able to focus in loud environments. The best example for this was in the 11th grade; my English teacher didn't care about people talking during times when we were supposed to be reading or working on assignments. As a result of this, I was unable to get any work done during class. I would have a similar reaction when my parents had guests over and I could hear them conversing. Also, during my senior year I had this weird caffeine dependence(this was when I first started considering the possibility of ADHD). I rarely consumed caffeine because I couldn't stand the taste of coffee or energy drinks but when I discovered caffeine pills, this was no longer a problem. I went from 0mg of caffeine consumption to 200-300mg every few days. Whenever I had an important assignment due or a test to study for, I would take a pill and that would allow me to focus far better. Finally, I am taking a "gap year" and have two easy classes that should require minimal effort. The caveat is that the courses are entirely online, which has been troublesome. I'm a rule follower, I would always complete my homework and do well on tests because I didn't like being scolded by my teachers or parents. This is no longer a factor because I have been accepted into university(my parents don't care how I perform now) and the teachers don't care either. The classes started in September and I have completed less than 10% of the work for each of the classes.
  
    I attempted to provide as much relevance as possible but obviously diagnosing this over Reddit is impossible. However, do you think these concerns warrant escalating the matter or am I wrong in my assertion?

Article: 5 mo, female, Canada, 27" 15 lbs, non smoker, no health condition.
  
    With the colder weather and more covid cases sneaking in, I worry about family members touching my baby this holiday season.
  
    I don't want to overthink and I want to be informed.
  
    If us adults are vaccinated, can we still carry the virus and pass it to the little one?
  
    I know there is a chance of being asymptomatic, so thought the general no touching/kissing baby will apply this winter, but not sure how cautious I need to be or how easily it can be  transfered if we are vaccinated.
  
    There's also a BIL that is not vaccinated,  everyone else is tho.
  
    I have some family members who will hate to hear they can't touch or kiss My daughter.

Article: Hopefully this is the right sub for this question: In my last two appointments with the intent of accuracy and efficiency I have researched the specific anatomical location and description of whatever my complaint is. I do not "self-diagnose" or suggest what I think is going on, I simply look for a more accurate way of saying "err my stomach hurts when I breath sometimes" ... anyway both doctors appeared a bit annoyed by that approach. Docs, what do you think about this? How much ignorance is the right amount?

Article: 31m 208 lbs 5'11.  Been having constant tension headaches for a week now.  I feel the headaches mostly around the back of my ears/ and in a band around the bottom of my head.  Also i have noticed that usually right around when i wake up, i feel my heartbeat/pulsing around the back of my neck/head around where i am having the headaches.  My blood pressure is always worse right when i wake up as well.  It usually ranges anywhere from  150-160/90 and then it goes downward to 140/90.
  
    I was primarily thinkings its just tension from bad posture and straining my neck/back/head but I was wondering if anything else could cause this, maybe such as sleep apnea?  My dr. previously ordered a followup to my inhome sleep apnea test with a in-office sleep apnea test.
  
    I have been exercising and dieting to cut my weight as well as i have gained 15 lbs in the last 5-6 months to lower my blood pressure as it used to be normal.

Article: Her r/AskDocs,
  
    to provide some context, I am 18 years old and have been running for about 2.5 - 3 years now. Right from the start I found Ultramarathons to be very interesting. As a result I quickly ramped up my mileage and peaked last December/ early this year at around 90mpw without any real issues.
  
    Eventually I decided, earlier this year, that I don't want to run alone all the time so I joined a local track and field club, which resulted in me doing 2 speed sessions a week. And that's when the issues began.
  
    After a few weeks of doing more training on the track I developed some knee problems which luckily went away after a month or two, just to be replaced by shin splints which I am still dealing with.
  
    After a relatively short break the initial sharp pain went away, however to this day it still doesn't feel quite right. I have taken numerous breaks, some longer ones too, and eventually also got an MRI done - which didn't show any clear signs of shin splints.
  
    Now my question is: The sharp pain is gone. Running isn't painful anymore. Good. However it just doesn't feel right. I can't really describe it, it isn't pain or soreness I guess, it's just that I feel something there that I don't feel in the other leg. Maybe very light stings would describe it best. Sometimes it occurs while running, other times while sitting or walking, other times it's not there at all. It is especially present however, after days where I walked a lot or went hiking on hilly and uneven terrain.
  
    That being said, I already consulted my doc about it. He said I shouldn't worry about it and continue training. What do you guys think? Im sorry that I can't really describe what I am trying to say, I just hope some of y'all know what I mean. It's just that in the past I tried to train through injuries which just prolonged them and I don't want to make the same mistake. Thanks in advance and sorry for potential grammar mistakes, English is not my first language.
  
    TLDR: Had Shin Splints, should I continue training. Sharp pain is gone, however it just doesn't feel right.

Article: AFAB 23 154cm 50kg Former smoker
  
Rash

    I suspect that I have EDS and possibly POTs. I know MCAS can also be comorbid. I am currently in touch with my GP and I’ve showed this to her already. I’m on a waitlist to see a  rheumatologist.
  
    The rash is hot and happens daily. It may go away for a period of time but will come back again. It mostly occurs when I stand or walk. Sometimes all I have to do is take a couple of steps, sometimes I have to be on for feet for a couple of hours but mostly it only takes about 30 mins or less. I get Raynaud's phenomenon on my feet (usually but not always) when it happens. The rash occasionally produces purpura. I also have petechiae seemingly unrelated to the rash. I’ve had a bulging veins behind the knee (superficial but visible), unsure if it’s related. The rash may or may not be photosensitive but that could actually just be a different rash entirely.
  
    I do get heat rash but this is not that, the trigger is different. It’s not hives. It’s not itchy and the rash is not raised. The rash looks like it could be MCAS but that doesn’t make sense considering the trigger. I doubt it’s urticarial vasculitis because of the lack of welts. I also doubt it’s hikers rash because the rash still occurs under my compression socks (the rash is less prominent when using compression socks). I know people with lupus get body rashes but I tested negative for that. I can’t figure it out, I don’t even know which specialist to see to get it looked at.  I’ve not heard of pots being like a leg rash type deal but it’s the only thing that makes sense.
  
    Edit: I forgot to mention that when this rash first showed up I was getting symptoms of dysesthesia. I felt a sensation of phantom water droplets on legs, tingling, burning, sometimes stabbing (like a needle stab), crawling. This lasted about 3 weeks. I don’t know what happened.

Article: 44F non smoker, normal cholesterol and blood pressure, normal glucose and A1C, perimenopausal.
  
    Results: occasional small frontal greater than parietal white matter T2 FLAIR hyperintensities; nonspecific and can be seen in patients with chronic migraine.
  
    But I have no history of migraines.

Article: F31 here, 5’7, 130 lbs, no known medical issue besides cat allergies.
  
    A week ago out of nowhere I started to experience the worst abdominal pain I’ve ever had. Just below the sternum like a ball of molten metal sitting in my stomach. Add to that nausea but no diarrhea nor blood anywhere.
  
    I’ve seen several docs, done several exams. Bloodworks, full abdominal ultrasound, even a scanner with contrast agent. None showed a single thing that could explain this excruciating pain. They’ve also been prescribing me different painkillers/cramp calming medications, but none worked (I’m not based in the US so I won’t bother with names). The pain in CONSTANT and very acute. It has been a whole week. I can barely eat, barely sleep. Every minute feels like forever and there is nothing I can do.
  
    As a last resort I went to the hospital last night and after different trials, only morphine managed to numb the pain. The best I’ve felt all week for a few hours.
  
    Now I’m back home, the pain is back if not worse. I can barely leave my bed, I’m desperate to ever find a cause, or better, relief. I’m tired of “waiting for it to pass”.
  
    Does a similar situation ring a bell to any of you? What more can I do at this point?
  
    Thank you.

Article: Hi. I'm 23F, 5'0, 150lbs, white, and I don't know if my anxiety is making me overthink myself into believing something is wrong or something is ACTUALLY wrong.
  
    Basically, on Saturday night when I tried to lay down for a nap after a party (had 2 alcoholic seltzers + glass of wine) I noticed that I could feel my heartbeat. I'd say it was thrumming in my chest but it wasn't beating super fast (checked myself, around ~70bpm) but the fact that I noticed it and kept noticing it meant I couldn't stop. Every time I tried closing my eyes, I would intuitively feel the sensation and it would take me out of sleep. I laid down for 4 hours, and really only got around an hour and a half of sleep if I'm being generous with myself.
  
    Yesterday, I also had another party (back to back birthdays) where I had a glass of wine I didn't finish with dinner (admittedly very carby, super Italian dinner party if ya catch my drift) and then half a cappucino at around 6pm. I tried going to bed at 10:30, because I wake up at 6am for work. The same thing began happening, where I could feel my heartbeat (this time it was around ~65bpm) and no matter how much I tossed, turned, tried to tune it out, paced around, NOTHING helped stop it. Eventually at around 2:30am I chugged a glass of water and I guess was exhausted enough to sleep.
  
    Now here I am at work, where if I think about my heartbeat I can suddenly feel it and freakout, but if I don't (and my anxiety is making this less and less possible..) I can't feel it.
  
    Am I just stressed/anxious? I have a flight coming up on Friday (huge fear of planes), worried about not finishing a work project in time, and a big move out of state + away from family for the first time ever in 2 months. Could these things be subconsciously ruining my sleep? Or is it something serious?
  
    I will get an EKG regardless, but would like some opinions. :)

Article: I've been dealing with tired legs every morning for almost three years, it feels like I've run a marathon,  I work out 4-5 times a week and make I sure I recover.I've been dealing with neck and shoulder pain for around 3 years. I am not sure if that could be related.
  
    I try to massage, stretch and doing strength on the legs regularlysome information about me:Age: 40sex: Malehight: 172cmweight: 65kgI don't take any medication and I vape.
  

    From where to start?

Article: Hello, a close friend of mine is in a convalescent hospital. She is suffering from COPD. She got up out of the bed two weeks ago on her own and fell. Since then she has had a green tinge to her feet. She is convinced it is gangrene and will need her feet to be amputated. The nurses brush off her concerns as just bruising. Does anyone have experience with gangrene that can let me know if we should push for more examination? Picture in comments.

Article: I injured my shoulder last February while lifting weights and am yet to find a solution. I went to a doctor in April and they said just to do rotator cuff exercises. In June I went to a different doctor and had an MRI done. I was given a glucocorticoid steroid shot which had me feeling at about 80-90% normal until recently. I am now back where I was before the shot. He wants to give me another shot. Any suggestions? Should I seek another opinion?
  
    Here is the MRI Impression:
  


    No full-thickness or high-grade partial-thickness rotator cuff tear.  No shoulder joint effusion or bursitis.
  


    Small volume fluid at the AC joint with mild capsular distension, possibly representing early degeneration or mild inflammation.  Correlation for point tenderness is recommended.
  


    And the doctor’s evaluation: Encounter Diagnosis:Osteolysis of acromial end of left clavicle, Biceps tendon tear
  
    M21, 5’11, 170lb, no smoking/drinking

Article: I’m 23, female, 135 pounds
  
    Two days back I felt really awful out of nowhere. Lasted the whole day.
  
    my chest felt tight, I had a headache, I had brain fog, and it was really hard for me to be active- I kept having to sit down at my job (and I never do this out of fear of my boss scolding me). I felt really anxious and I felt like I had a really bad fever. I ate some plain chicken and drank a lot of water during my lunch break but still felt really bad… When I got home from work I drank a ton of water and ate some rice, I thought I’d feel all better. But I still felt really gross.. and I had this crazy fever. Felt so hot in the blankets but even when I would lift the blanket a little bit the cold gave me really intense chills. My body felt sore too, and I felt really Weak. It was really hard to get comfortable and at one point I just kept crying, maybe from anxiety and exhaustion I felt.
  
    I was thinking and I figured it was because I have had a lot of caffeine lately and not much to eat. For context, I’m a college student with no financial support from anyone other than myself, when bills are tight, I sometimes neglect my self care when it comes to eating enough food. I get free coffee from work and school so I tend to drink a lot of that which helps me get through my busy schedule.
  
    Some other context: -I don’t get a lot of time to rest but I do get at least 6 hours of sleep which is better than most of my peers.
  
    -I have a lot of issues with anxiety and stress management as a lot of traumatic events recently occurred in my life… I considered my feelings being a panic attack at first… I’ve had a lot of mental health issues
  
    -my mom is diabetic, I’m not in contact with her so I can’t get the details of this… wonder if this is relevant
  
    -I have never experienced this before at all. Usually if I have too much caffeine I feel shakey and a little cranky but can quickly fix it by eating something…. This thing that happened lasted all day
  
    -don’t drink or use any drugs
  
    -don’t have health insurance, working on getting Medicaid
  
    I feel better now but I have this sore pain in my neck and upper back, and when I strain it I can feel a headache… this isn’t too bad and I’m able to ignore it…
  
    When I googled about this I read something about meningitis and was wondering if this was something I should be worried about, or if I could just write it off as being a caffeine issue?

Article: i am exhausted. i cant go even one day without needing to take at least one nap. sometimes more. i will go out to do errands and come back home so exhausted that i cant function until I have slept. some days are better than others. today i ate my lunch at work and got so tired i fell asleep on the spot. some days i sleep for hours and wake up just as tired after the nap as i was before. nobody will listen to my concerns. i feel like i am going crazy. how should i move forward?
  
    female 19 109lbs im on some anxiety med i cant remember the name of.

Article: 28f, T2D, anxiety, the works. 150 mg sertraline, 20mg propranolol 3x day as needed for anxiety, metformin 500mg 2x day (sugar has been consistently under control), trulicity, Clonazepam .5mg as needed.
  
    So basically I just went on vacation and it was really a giant bender. Wayyyyyy too much drinking. So now I'm trying to sleep this off, have taken 1mg Clonazepam but still very uncomfortable and restless. No tremors but horrific dreams and waking up sweating a few times an hour. Will I be ok if I'm not having tremors? Ive definitely experienced far worse withdrawals

Article: I 38F have had this darkened lump on the under side of my chin for a few years now. It’s a soft bump where the texture is different from the rest of my skin - it’s bumpy like chicken skin. I recently got an MRI and biopsy done to figure out what it is and both came up with nothing. Nothing underneath my skin(no lipoma) and the skin biopsy came up negative for anything strange. However, ever since getting the biopsy done and keeping that puncture site covered with Vaseline + hydrocolloid patch while it healed, it’s now growing long dark hairs. This definitely wasn’t there prior as I was specifically looking at it pretty much every other day leading up the both the MRI and the Derm visits. Anyone have any idea what could be going on? There’s also pics in my post history in my most recent post.

Article: Panhypopit, no fevers since resection
  
    48M, 70”, 205lbs, cauc NH, status 13 years post post-apoplectic pituitary macroadenoma resection, resultant in empty sella and panhypopituitarism.
  
    Located in DC/BAL metro.
  
    Current diagnoses: Hypopituitarism, hypothyroidism, hypogonadism, adrenal insufficiency, diabetes insipidus, growth hormone deficiency, Mollaret’s Meningitis, MDD, PTSD, Anxiety (NOS), Chronic Acute Sinustis, Chronic Sphenoiditis, degenerative disk disease, chronic left ankle instability, unrepaired non-union fx L 5th metatarsal, heel spurs
  
    Rx: Synthroid, Liothyronine, Hydrocortisone, Doxycycline (prophylactic), Testosterone, Acyclovir, Zyrtec, Trelegy, Flonase, Trazadone QHS, Prazosin QHS (nightmares), Genotropin, Niacin, Baby Aspirin, Fiber supplement, Glucosamine, L-Tyrosine, MultiV, B-12, DHEA, Fish Oil OTC, Hydromorphone PRN,, Valium PRN, Demopressin PRN
  
    Devices: Titanium Cervical Cage C4-C5 (2017) Abdominal Mesh (Hernia Repair) (2020) NEVRO Spinal Stimulator (Cervical & Lumbar) MRI Compatible (2020) Flowonix Pain Pump (Lumbar) (2021)
  
    Problem:
  
    Regardless of illness experienced since losing pituitary, e.g. flu, MRSA, coxsackievirus, whooping cough, etc., I have never experienced a comorbid fever of any appreciable value.
  
    What mechanism or disorder is at play to explain the failure to develop fevers since neurosurgery? This condition always elicits a shrug at minimum, if not skepticism, when explained to providers. Is it possible that hypothalamic injury resulted from the pituitary resection? If so, how would that be confirmed in imaging?
  
    (Also, troublingly, there's this study.  )

Article: I’m on miralax, about 8.5 grams daily to help with constipation. I’m 20 female to male.
  
    I now shit daily. Obviously since I was having issues with constipation before I’m used to barely shitting in a week.
  
    Should I ask my doctor about lowering my dose? Is it fine for me to defecate daily?

Article: 20F, 5’0, 45kg
  


    medications: 15mg mirtazapine nightly
  


    mother has lupus, father has IBS
  


    subclinical hypothyroidism - latest TSH is 6.4 Normal T4 and TPO.
  


    I’ve been having weird stools (pics on profile) and fasciculations for a good few months. The majority of the time, there is yellow on the toilet paper after I wipe. I’ve also been having chronic constipation and producing mostly type 1 stools.
  
    I developed 24/7 bloating that makes me look pregnant, as well as chronic pelvic pain and constipation and occasional joint pain.
  
    I once went to the ER during an episode with quite bad joint pain where I was producing what I believe is bile acid diarrhoea - I went from being chronically constipated to pooping bright yellow liquid and even had accidents whilst I was there - once where I pooped pure mucus, and once where I pooped yellow liquid. They sent me home because they said I’d been having yellow stool for months by that point.
  
    I went to see my GP the next day, and I had tenderness at McBurney’s point. I was scheduled for an emergency appendectomy, but the surgeon determined that it wasn’t appendicitis. He was concerned that it could be my gallbladder, so I had an ultrasound, which states that the walls are thin, there are no gallstones and that the CBD is normal.
  
    I still wasn’t satisfied, so went to see a nurse, who prescribed me Movicol and Co-amoxiclav, since she was concerned about my CRP, white blood cells and neutrophils all being high. She suspected diverticulitis.
  
    I take the antibiotics and try Movicol but the constipation, pelvic pain and yellow stools persisted.
  
I had a normal culture and calprotectin test.

    I saw a gynaecologist for the pelvic pain and was given doxycycline and metronidazole for suspected PID. I didn’t have PID… but my stool colour was normal and I was now going most days rather than 2/3 times a week! These antibiotics really helped my bowels.

    The consistency is better, but unfortunately the yellow stools and joint pain have crept up on me again, and it didn’t clear up the distension or make my stools consistently a normal type.
  
    I’ve been having joint pain and yellow stool the last few days and I’m getting worried.
  
    I should have a pelvic and vaginal ultrasound soon.

Article: Hi there. I’m 31, male, 5’8/9 and about 10 stone. In February 2023 I randomly started peeing blood clots, with very painful urination and a constant pain in my lower abdomen. After a couple of urine tests etc it was found that I had a “dual infection” which the doctor said was cystitis. I went on one antibiotic (can’t recall the name of it) and symptoms went away whilst on them. Within a day or two, symptoms came back and I was peeing blood clots again. I then went on nitrafurantoin and similarly symptoms went away, but when I came off those I started getting much more minor symptoms - no pain but frequent urination and a general uncomfort in my lower abdomen and whilst urinating / after urinating. I was referred to urology and put on a prophylaxis nitrafurantoin for 6 months. My referral came through and I had a cystoscopy and a CT scan of my urinary tract both of which came back clear, so was told to finish the antibiotics and “see what happens”. I finished the antibiotics at the end of September but have since then noticed a low level of symptoms continuing, but with no pain. I have cloudy urine but infrequently - eg I could have normal urine for days or a couple of weeks and then suddenly one day it’s very cloudy no matter how much I do or don’t drink. I sometimes need to urinate every 30 minutes or so, but that’s only about once a week or once every couple of weeks. Outside of that urination frequency is normal but the “uncomfortableness” I described earlier has continued. Most recently I went back to my GP to ask what they could do and they did another urine test which came back as having traces of blood and a small amount of white blood cells (this is what all of my urine tests have said over the last few months). However no infection markers. I also had a sample sent off to the lab and it came back as having no bacterial growth which the doctor said mean there was no infection. I’m now awaiting them getting more advice from a urologist about next steps. In the meantime, they have asked me to take another course of nitrafurantoin but the low level symptoms I’ve been experiencing have continued despite being on those antibiotics.
  
    I find it hard to believe this is a UTI given the volume of antibiotics I’ve been on and that my pain levels have been basically 0 since around March 2023. Kidney stones seems more likely especially because even when on antibiotics the symptoms persist. Is there anything else this could be or anything I should be pushing my doctor to look for?

Article: 24yo FtM currently being suspected of having Multiple Sclerosis. Symptoms include fatigue, heart palpitations, nerve pain throughout the body but mainly the legs/hips, slight tingling sensations in extremities, occasional “icy cold” shooting sensation down spine, times of confusion, unsteadiness, and weakness. Has had a EMG and brain MRI, with two more spine MRIs coming up this month.
  
    I have had an EMG that showed abnormal results concerning my tibial motor nerve, and an MRI that showed “mild periventricular white matter FLAIR hypertensity” but both tests were deemed “normal” by the same doctor.
  
    My question is basically, is it normal for the test to have abnormal results but still be considered normal? I feel as though this is a trend, and may be preventing me from getting treatment for what’s happening. But then again, I am not a doctor.
  
    Will post MRI and EMG results in comments as I do not quite know how to link them.

Article: 28F, 130lb 5’4, gave birth at 30w due to idiopathic PPROM. I am 3 months postpartum and have had on and off bleeding since birth. I bled for 7-8 weeks straight postpartum, and have bled on and off every other week lasting about a week each episode since. I am absolutely exhausted everyday, I wake up 2-3 times a night with the baby for 15-20 min at a time but I’m still sleeping 11pm-8am and then taking a 2-3 hour nap most days. I feel like crap, but I feel like i’m actually sleeping a ton. The fatigue I feel most days in unreal and seems unrelated to having a newborn.
  
    My lab work and ultrasound are normal, the only thing flagged was slightly high platelets (407 thousand/uL compared to 280 thousand/uL the day after birth).  Labs included CBC diff w/ plat, prolactin, Hcg, total, QN, tsh reflex to ft4
  
    Waiting on my pap results tho I just got one in the spring which was normal so I don’t expect that to change so quickly. Ultrasound didn’t show anything suggesting RPOC.
  
    Anyone have any idea what could be going on? Really sick of bleeding and the only solution offered was a d&c. I just want to feel better and stop bleeding

Article: Hi, I (23F) got some bad cramps a hour or so ago, I ignored it since I'm on my period, even though it was worse than the cramps I usually get. But it suddenly turned into a sharp pain on the right hand side of my abdomen, right below my ribs and shooting up to my right shoulder. It's probably the worst pain I've ever felt, it continued for about 5-10 min before stopping.
  
    I've had ulcers and mesenteric adenitis before, but this feels different (and much, much worse). I took 72mg of a concerta generic 6 hours before if that makes a difference, I've been on it for years and never had any issues.
  
    It's been over an hour and it hasn't happened again, I just feel exhausted. Should I go to a doctor tomorrow to get it checked out or is that not necessary?

Article: AFAB 23 154cm 50kg Former smoker
  
    I am able to “pop” both hips out at will although I’m unsure as to whether or not the pop is actually a subluxation. My hips are uneven in the X-ray but it could be because I have minor scoliosis. I’m hyper-mobile and suspect EDS if that helps.
  
X-ray 1 X-ray 2

Article: Age: 19 Sex: male Weight: 107kg Height: 189cm
  
    Before i start i know theres someone whose going to say “With chest pain go ER immediately” let me tell you ive been there. Ive been there 10+ times in the last 3 weeks. They always say when you chest pain is different come back but my chest pain IS different every day and i dont know when it’s actually something serious or not. All those visits to ER everything has come back normal from ecg’s to x rays. Once my d dimer was 0.5 and i had leg pain so they suspected thrombosis but they didnt find any clots in my leg. Now im here with a new chest pain hr of 110 while writing this thinking if i should go to the ER again…

Article: Female 45 yo, 225 lb, caucasian. Asthma (controlled). Medication : Prozac.
  
    Hi! I have had three scleritis diagnosed in the past 5 months, first two times in right eye, and now in left eye. Ophtalmologist prescribed Prednisolone eye drops, which quickly resolved the situation everytime. I believe I had multiple other scleritis in my life prior to this (average 4 per year for at least 10 years) but never had them checked, as the symtpoms are similar to what I have now. I saw a rhumatologist who ordered blood tests, did a physical exam and order some back and hands XRays. RF slightly positive at 30. ANA slightly positive at 1/80. Otherwise everyting normal. I don't have any other symptoms, except eye dryness and fatigue. Back pain, but explanations seem to be musculoskeletal. Rhumatologist concluded there is almost certainly no autoimmune or systemic cause to the scleritis, although we are still waiting on a few more tests. What else should I explore?

Article: Quite often if I (25M, ~172cm, I have no idea what weight I am but probably slightly over weight but not to an unhealthy degree if that makes sense?) F eel a burp brewing I cannot get it released unless I sit up straight or even stand up sometimes. I don't know if this is something I should get checked or if it just happens to certain people? I've never met anyone else like this. I don't take any medication regularly, I don't smoke tobacco but occasionally weed. I do drink a lot of coffee but idk if that's important lol.

Article: (17M) I am 17 years old and in Football i hit someone with my shoulder and it hurt really bad. I haven't gone to the doctor because it isn't that serious but I always feel that something is wrong but it doesn't hurt that bad. The thing is that about once a week it will randomly hurt like i've never felt anything hurt. I can move it when this happens that much and it kind o feels like something is out of place. This has been going on since July. I am only asking because i have baseball this spring. I haven't been lifting in order to try and help it. If anyone has any ideas what is is and what to do that would be greatly appreciated!

Article: I (44F) have endometrial hyperplasia and am on apixiban for PEs I developed in 2022. also have MDA5 dermatomyositis overlap SLE and Sjogrens, on prednisone, mycophenolate and hydroxychloroquine.
  
    my iud fell out in January and I'm getting it reinserted in December.
  
    I've never had an issue with menstrual bleeding on the coags before but I also had my iud. I had a standard, for me, period last week of 4 heavy bleed days with multiple clots (chicken strip sizes) tapering off for a few days. I held back on my apixiban for a couple of days (as was directed by thrombo when my iud ejected itself and I bled for 10 days). I restarted Saturday and started to bleed very heavy again with numerous clots dropping within an hour. held back apixiban again Sunday night and haven't bleed since.
  
    I've been told by thrombo that blood thinners shouldn't affect menstrual bleeding much so should I be concerned? no other symptoms, not even cramping. just lots of blood and clots.
  
    waiting to hear back from my GP, thrombo and gyne after leaving msgs for all. just looking for some reassurance and guidance now.

Article: I have been to the doctor for this a couple times over that past few years and the one time they told me it was either stress or acid reflux and the other time they said probably costochondritis. It can't be normal to just have intermittent chest pains everyday in the colder months though right? Sometimes its the left, sometimes its the right, sometimes it almost feels like it is coming from my back. It is also worth mentioning most of the time it is just a light pain that last for a little while but sometimes I will move the wrong way or lift something and it get a shooting pain that just makes me stop doing whatever im doing. It is just like a quick jab then im back to normal.
  
    Other information is that I am 5'11", 205lbs,  and this has been going on intermittently for the last couple years. More so during the colder months. I don't really drink or smoke but I do regularly drink coffee.

Article: Me(M31) I'm 5'4 about 130lbs,take no meds. I get tightness in my lower back. MY back has been an issue for a year now, I don't lift heavy things. What's the number 1 cause of chronic back pain

Article: Male 26, 193 cm height, 80 kg, pain in the eyes mostly, anxiety, weakness. So recently I received an MRI report of my brain with the conclusion:
  
    Conclusion: The MRI study does not show any significant pathological aspects in the clinical context.
  
    However, inside there were something that confused me:
  
    "Brain Parenchyma: Appears regular with normal white and grey matter interface, except for a few circumscribed T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the bilateral subcortical frontal white matter, which are nonspecific and of uncertain significance."
  
    Can someone explain this?

Article: hello everyone. im a 21 year old female that has no health insurance at the moment due to losing medicaid and being unable to afford new insurance just yet. this morning i woke up extremely nauseous. i have acid reflux so this isn’t too out of the ordinary for me, however i very rarely get sick. this is the worst i’ve ever felt in my life. i could not stop vomiting. my skin was ice cold to the touch but i was overheating and about to pass out the entire time. at some point i began to throw up blood. not just a little bit- half of my puke bucket was blood. it came out of me bright red and then turned to dark brown after being in the bucket. i was with my grandmother and i kept saying something feels wrong i need to go to the ER but she kept telling me i just had food poisoning and since i had no insurance the bill was going to be astronomical and i wouldn’t be able to afford it. at some point i fell asleep and was okay for awhile. i’m awake now and feel better than before. mild mild stomach pain at the moment with some occasional diarrhea. not completely nauseous but feel as tho i could become nauseous sometime soon. i also have a lump in my throat now that is quite annoying whenever i go to swallow. should i have gone to the emergency room? if the answer is yes is it too late to go? this happened some hours ago but google said vomiting blood requires medical attention. thanks in advance!

Article: Hello so for around 1 year now I’ve been getting a crushing pain feeling in the centre of my chest
  
    This ecg below was done at the start of the year I do remember having the pain when it was done and I was told it’s normal I also had X-ray and bloods done which were normal
  
    2 months after this I had a CT scan done again i was told it was normal
  
    A few months after that I had another ecg and again it was normal
  
    Today I have the exact same pain AGAIN and jaw pain ( from TMJ jaw clenching ) I’m so stressed and lost on what to do is there anything at all I can do?
  
    Each time the diagnosis has been ‘anxiety’ every single time which I do have health anxiety
  
    Once I get this news usually a day later the pain will magically go away but then maybe 1 - 2 weeks later it’s back again..
  
    It typically lasts a few days to a week constantly then goes away it’s  really ruining my life
  
    Do I just continue to try and ignore it? I was recently put on Prozac I’m only on day 11 I know they need time to work but I’m so stressed it’s unreal
  
    My blood pressure is normal 122/80 my heart rate is 58 I don’t really even feel anxious I just feel scared about it all the time the heart is definetly my main worry
  
    Age 26
  
    Weight 11 stone
  
    Height 6’2

Article: Title says it all mostly. 5.5 year old daughter has about 6 spider nevi. Seems to be otherwise healthy. She had seen a derm when she had 4 and they weren’t concerned. Just looking for reassurance from another derm maybe is it common to have so many and there be no underlying condition in children? Do you see this often? At what point is it too many? Thanks in advance!

Article: Photos https://imgur.com/a/RX9IbJQ

    Female Age: 32 Weight: 10 stoneHeight: 5 ft 7 Fit and active Med: Lymecycline and Thyroxine None smoker
  
    I had surgery 5 weeks ago to fix a broken elbow following an accident. I was in a temporary back slab cast for 2 weeks to allow for swelling, within a few days my arm was itching like mad and developed a rash I could see.. I went to the GP to check it out but they couldn't take the cast off and said it was contact dermatitis caused by the cast/cotton wool in the cast. I just coped with it for 2 weeks until I went back to the hospital - hoping I wouldn't need another cast. I was wrong they put me in a "proper" full cast for 2 weeks where my arm was ok for a week until week 4 (2 weeks in my second cast) - the itching started to get unbearable.
  
    The cast was removed last Monday 6th. My skin was very flaky, itchy and sensitive (to be expected). My surgical scar was healing nicely although it had lots of crusty patches and the skin around it was weeping a lot. The hospital just put an adhesive dressing over it and sent me on my way. I bought new dressings and have been washing a re-dressing my scar area every day.
  
    My skin has very quickly gotten worse over the last week. My forearm has developed a rash that has gotten more and more unbearable and is spreading. It's keeping me up at night and flares up and down. Although today it wasn't calmed down yet. The skin around my surgical scar has gotten worse and worse. Last night I realised my scar was fine, it was the skin around it that was bad, so I decided to remove the dressing and the skin is not weeping as much and looking calmer today. Sadly, the other side of my forearm is getting worse.
  
    I'm just confused how this can be getting worse if it's contact dermatitis? The irritant has been gone for over a week but it's getting so much worse. Yes, I did scratch my skin when the cast was off, I was indulging on doing it as I've been in so much discomfort for so long. I really wish I didn't
  
    The photos show the progression of both the scar sight and my forearm over the last 7 days
  
    Things I've tried:
  


    Cetrizine Hydrochloride  - does nothing
  


    Hydroortizone 1% - worked once but not again
  


    E45 Itch Relief - worked once but for not long
  


    Calamine lotion - helps for a short amount of time
  


    Cetraben itchy skin moisturiser - doesn't help
  


    Aquaphore over Cetraben - helps for a short amount of time
  


    Sudocreme - helps for a short amount of time.

Article: Hi everyone,
  
    29M/5”8/170lb/Hispanic/Canadian with no prexisting medical issues or current medications.
  
    I have a question about my finger recovery.
  
    I fractured my finger (near the knuckle) 6 months ago which shifted a millimeter out of place, and my doctor said told me today that I won’t get full range of motion and my finger will be slightly crooked forever. All she said was to continue doing finger stretching exercises and eventually the scar tissue will go away but my finger will forever be slightly crooked and never able to fully bend again. The doctor also said that doing a procedure/surgery may actually make things worse.
  
    Is it worth getting a second opinion from another doctor and perhaps a plastic surgeon? This current doctor I’m seeing is through the Canadian public healthcare system so it’s possible that I’m being mistreated here.
  
    Would love to get honest second opinions since I’m in disbelief that in today’s world with advanced medicine, there aren’t any procedures or solutions to getting my finger to as close to 100% as possible.
  
    Thanks,

Article: Male Age 22 Height 170cm Weight 70kg Nonsmoker Asthmatic
  
    Hi today I was at sonographic exam of cervical lymph nodes. She measured all in long axis and these are measurements. Submandibular left 8.2mm Submandibular right 8.3mm Deep left 7.4mm ,6.0mm ,6.5mm ,7.7mm, 8.1mm Deep right 7.2mm, 8.3mm, 5.5mm, 6.8mm, 3.7mm, one deep Is 9.4mm All have normal hilum. All lymph nodes are not enlarged
  
    I want to ask about that one 9.4 mm I know that they are taken as enlarged from 10mm, so even if is that close it is Okay? Like if it was something wrong she would see it right? Thanks for answers

Article: Hello I’m a 35F 5ft6 160lbs just had second baby. No medications non smoker allergies mild to cats and hay fever. since I gave birth 4 months ago I’ve been getting sudden rashes all over my arms and neck. They come and go quickly and don’t really itch too much but are bright pink and raised slightly. I’ve been trying to work out what it is because I’ve never had sensitive skin before. I think it’s possibly being caused by the material on my baby changing bag which is like thick linen. Do you know why this could be happening? Thanks!

Article: Hello,
  
    I, (36f, 185lbs, 5’5), have experienced something really strange a couple of times in the last two months.
  
    The first time, I was taking a shower. The water wasn’t hot, but my skin started to feel prickly and dry like a sunburn. After a couple of minutes, the texture of my skin started changing. I was covered from my shoulders to my bottom in what looked like thousands of tiny water blisters. The blisters themselves were not painful. I could run my nail along them to expel the water. Only some of the blisters looked irritated with red rings around them. My skin felt lightly sunburnt for about three days following.
  
    It happened again this week, but it started before my shower. It’s worth noting that the first time happened before a date lol. I have anxiety about dating. This time, I was only mentally considering going on a date with someone when my skin started burning like before. An hour later I took a shower and had the tiny blisters again. It’s been two days and my skin still feels lightly toasted.
  
    Has anyone heard of this? Should I be very concerned, or does this seem like it can wait just a bit? It seems like this is a result of my anxiety around dating, but it seems so extreme lol. I am definitely going to see a doctor about this, but it’s going to take some time before I can get in.
  
    Any insight would be much appreciated!

Article: 55F, 5’6”, 146 pounds. recently diagnosed with mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD), Raynaud's Phenomenon, and systemically enlarged axillary lymph nodes. Taking 300 mg of Hydroxychloroquine daily. Taking 100 mg of Macrobid 2x daily for UTI. I have had the latest Covid vaccine, Flu shot, and RSV vaccine. (Note: This is a throwaway account to preserve my privacy with friends who follow me.)
  


    I got saline implants 10 years ago. No problems with surgery or recovery.
  


    I had my left knee replaced 6 months ago. No problems with surgery or recovery.
  


    About 4 months ago, my fingers began turning dark blue/purple and ice cold throughout the day. I was experiencing extreme fatigue and body aches. I saw my primary care physician who witnessed my blue fingers firsthand. She ran blood tests and the results were positive for Mixed Connective Tissue Disease and secondary Raynaud's.
  


    (This might not be relevant, but I was diagnosed with a UTI 5 weeks ago, but it has not cleared up after being prescribed Keflex, Vantin, Macrobid, Cefdinir, and now Macrobid a second time.)
  
    I was referred to a Rheumatologist who was troubled by the fact that I am in my mid 50's with no previous autoimmune symptoms. She said that autoimmune diseases are usually diagnosed in the late to mid 20's and 30's.
  
    Last week I had my annual mammogram and ultrasound that revealed systemically enlarged axillary lymph nodes, suggesting an autoimmune response. To be on the safe side, my PCP is referring me to a surgeon for a biopsy.
  
    My rheumatologist is leaning toward my 10-year-old breast implants as the cause of my body's recent autoimmune response. She said that if the biopsy doesn't reveal cancer then she will assume the breast implants are the source of my problem.
  
    MY QUESTION: Wouldn't my 6-month-old knee implant more likely be the culprit? My research suggests that Titanium is usually well tolerated, but there are reports of silicone breast implants (mine are saline) triggering an autoimmune response.

Article: I am finding very little from “Dr Google”. The resume is otherwise NIEL. Healthy under 40 female with history of CIN3.

Article: 31M 108 kg (obese) 176 cm Exercise three times a week and lost almost 10 KG in three months.
  
    I had a blood test recently and my liver enzymes are showing to be a little bit elevated, the Doc was concerned about it but did not move forward for any further evaluation. Today I showed the results to another Doctor and he highlighted the elevation as well. Should I be concerned?
  
    I have read that exercising well elevate the enzymes level, and since I am a little bit higher than the range, I am more lean to believe that the exercise is the cause of this elevation.
  
    Please let me know what do you think.
  
    I will share the results in the comments

Article: 26f 125 pounds 5’5
  
    Artificial heart valve put in feb 2020
  
    TIA aug 2022
  
    I suffer from severe ocd and health anxiety
  
    I’m on warfarin and atorvastatin
  
    Hi I have gone to the er almost every day this month. I am working on getting help. I have been having chest pain , shortness of breath pain in my arm and nausea. I know it’s most likely my anxiety but I still think that she’s in the wrong for turning me down for troponin. She told me I didn’t need it and I said I wanted it done but she told me no.

Article: Hello!
  
    I am [26M] facing an issue from last few months, on front of my both index finger, skin peeled off and then healed itself in few days, it is happening on just front and side of index finger and all other fingers and hand are completely fine. Don't know what is the issue as I tried to find whether is it due to some allergic things I used but cannot find anything?
  
    Kindly help as sometime it hurts while skin peeling of and soft tissues appear.

Article: Seeking urologist advice!
  
    First I want to say I know whatever advice/ideas that are given isn’t a “diagnosis” but I would like a doctor to please read before I go to urologist this week.
  
    33 (m) 5’10” 170 lbs.
  
    Married for 8 years to wife. No other partners
  
    About 2 weeks ago I was in a saltwater pool at a hotel that didn’t seem maintained. I did not shower after the pool and continued to wear my swim trunks throughout the whole night.
  
    A couple days later I noticed a few bumps that were itchy (looked like inflamed hair follicle). One was on ballsack, one on scrotum and two by anus. My left groin lymph node was also enlarged. It has since subsided. I itched and scratched the bumps as I was uncomfortable and then tried to pop them (pretty sure that made them worse) I thought they were potentially ingrown hairs. After I opened them I then put mupirocin ointment on them along with hydrocortisone cream. They have mainly healed and no longer itch.
  
    However, I now have pain in my penis (feels like at base). No burning, no discharge, no trouble urinating. Nothing on penis itself. But the pain is there and it almost feels “damaged” in a sense.
  
    Any idea what this could be? Maybe from ointment I was putting on scrotum?
  
    I was taking 5 mg cialis daily for about 20 days for ED. (stopped a week ago)
  
    I also took 5 days of 50 mg twice a day of doxycycline that I had leftover from acne issue that I thought would help with the bumps or any bacteria that may have gotten in them.
  
    Thanks!

Article: I'm a 34-year-old remote worker who spends most of my days at home. Working remotely has its perks, but I noticed a while back that my sedentary lifestyle probably wasn't the healthiest. To combat this, I started working out regularly, incorporating a boatload of supplements into my routine, and aiming to stay active for at least an hour each day. However, I've noticed a somewhat unusual pattern in my weight, and I'm wondering if it's healthy or if I should be concerned.
  
    Every 3-5 days, I find myself suddenly getting significantly heavier, like 4-7 lbs heavier than my maintenance weight (213 is about the highest i've gotten recently). This weight gain usually coincides with a day of feeling exceptionally bloated. However, the next day, I experience what I can only describe as a "big poop day," and my weight seems to return to around my maintenance weight, which is roughly 206 lbs.
  
    I'm not sure if this cycle is normal or if it indicates an issue with my fitness routine, diet, or supplements. It's a bit perplexing, and I'd love to hear from anyone who might have experienced something similar or has expertise in this area.
  
    Here's a bit more about my routine:
  
    - I work out for an hour daily, focusing on a mix of cardio and strength training (bike and dumbells)
  
    - I take various supplements, including vitamins, protein powder, and the latest in expensive longevity hacks (NR, NMN, Resveratrol, Taurine, GlyNac, etc)
  
    - My diet consists mainly of balanced, home-cooked meals (high protein, high fat, but I know I could do better w/ my fiber intake - its pretty low).
  
    Is this weight fluctuation normal, or should I be concerned about my health or fitness regimen? Any advice or insights would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance!

Article: Hey,

My name is Devin 24M, 175 cm height, 72kg weight and i have strange health problem, here is my long story(also sorry for all the bad grammar, English sadly is not my primary language, but I did my best)From day to day, my health is
  
    getting worse, and no one knows what's going on. Due to restricted access to doctors in my country, I have to wait very long for appointments and also pay for them. I thought that maybe I would present my problems on a reddit, and some kind soul who had a similar experienced would be able to suggest something or guide me towards appropriate tests or doctors.
  
TL;DR: My health is getting worse day by day, doctors don't know what's wrong. I have to wait a long time for appointments. I'm looking for help, some connection on the internet, what I can check, or which doctor to go to. A psychiatric check ruled out mental problems as the source of symptoms, so something physical is definitely happening to me. Below, I present the symptoms in the form of a list, and below the whole list, I will describe the exact history of the symptoms, when they started, etc.

    List of symptoms (I decided to list everything that is wrong with my body here, although some things are not very important, it may affect the overall picture of my health):
  


    I don't sleep well (I can sleep 8-10 hours, and still wake up terribly tired and take naps during the day; it's definitely the worst symptom that greatly complicates my daily life and work).
  


    As for sleep itself,, I have realistic, vivid dreams every day. I remember 5-6 of them every day. Also, during falling asleep, before I fall asleep, I am in a kind of half-sleep, half-awake state where I can think normally, move, but I hear sounds that are not there, and I have hallucinatory symptoms, mainly sounds and thoughts, sometimes also images (only when falling asleep). When I take naps, it looks the same. I lie down in bed, haven't fallen asleep yet, and already hear some sounds, etc. And it's like a dream, even though I'm not asleep yet.
  


    After sleeping, I always have a headache, and I feel weak or just weird for the first 2-3 hours of the day.
  


    After waking up from sleep (at night or in the morning), sometimes I also have a hallucinatory symptom in the form of a smell. It's very strange, for about an hour (once a month), I smell something that reminds me of something and triggers a memory, as if I knew it, but I can't name it or say what that memory is. It's a terribly uncomfortable feeling.
  


    After sleeping, my stomach also hurts slightly every day until I take care of it (unfortunately, I have to take care of it right after waking up, because otherwise, I can't stand it; literally, after waking up, I run to the bathroom, often the stool is not just a little less hard).
  


    Often after waking up, my vision pulsates (as if someone threw a stone into the water). Waves appear in one place (if I close my eyes,i can still see it pulsating, in both right and left eye in the same spot). It pulsates for a few seconds, then I can't sharpen my vision, and it seems worse for a while. It doesn't occur in the entire field of vision, only in one place (usually the same). Literally, as if someone threw a stone into the water in one small place of vision. (My whole vision has been examined; the doctor said it must be for some external reason, e.g., circulation or something else, because my vision and eye nerves are healthy). It occurs not only after waking up but also randomly during the day.
  


    Around the same time as sleep problems, I had some heart problem. One day, while I was working, i got pain in heart area (the first time in my life), as if someone squeezed my heart with with full force using hand (it lasted literally a fraction of a second, like one heartbeat). That day, every heartbeat caused little sharp pain until the end of the day. My left arm hurt then, and it was slightly numb, probably the whole left side of my body. I talked to a cardiologist who said it couldn't be a heart attack because I have other symptoms, and I am too young for that. Since then, once every few weeks, my heart or chest hurts just like that, or rather the chest where the heart is (it seems to me it's the heart, but you never know). Sometimes it's like squeezing the chest, sometimes like a stab. It occurs more often during sports or adrenaline, etc. A year after this incident, I was in the mountains, and the day after 3 days of effort, something in my heart seemed to be jumping all day (a feeling like some fish jumping around, and I felt a little weak when I went to sleep during the day it passed). I had an ECG, ECHO, HOLTER 48H done about 2 years after these events, and they showed nothing (unfortunately, since it happens once every 2-3 weeks, my heart/chest didn't hurt when I had the Holter on).
  


    After spending the day exerting myself, my head always starts hurting around 15/16:00 (where my forehead and temples are), and I start seeing much less clearly until I rest (take a nap).
  


    Sometimes I also have a momentary feeling of weakness and loss of hearing (more like buzzing and getting very quiet, "calmly" as if, and it buzzes loudly in one ear, sometimes left, sometimes right). After a few seconds, it goes away. I have the impression that at that moment, my heart is slower and, after a while, my heart beats faster,
  


    Since I don't sleep well, I also have very dark circles under my eyes (in fact, I've had them since literally childhood, but back then i slept better. No one ever saw what they are from, and they assumed it's genetic, even though no one in my family has them).
  


    I also noticed that my heart is a bit weaker than it used to be. Often, when I stand up quickly, it slows down for a moment, so I have to stand still for a moment, grab my chest so I don't feel weak, after which the rhythm levels out.
  


    During sports and other activities, I also noticed that the heart reaches a much higher heart rate, and also often, especially during sex, even though it doesn't beat very fast, it beats very hard, even after regular masturbation, for about half a minute, it literally beats strongly, as if it could fly out of the chest. It's not about speed but the sheer force of the beats. Although the heart rate itself is a bit higher.
  


    Among other things, sometimes after eating, I get a strong cough attack with phlegm, and when I cough it up, I literally feel like someone has rubbed sandpaper on my digestive tract from the stomach to the throat. Literally, my esophagus hurts, and all those things for a dozen seconds, as if that phlegm literally tears the digestive tract. I also often have déjà vu.Regarding the timing of symptoms:The first one to appear was pulsating vision (as if someone threw a stone into the water) about 6-7 years ago (when I was about 17 years old). Then something strange happened after my first airplane flight. The whole week after the flight (I flew only 1.5 hours), I felt incredibly strange, terribly weak, my neck was numb, I lay in bed for a week, I had no fever or anything, I also had no appetite, and I didn't want to drink. After about a week, it passed and never happened again. But it was an incredibly strange feeling I had never had in my life before. I just felt incredibly weak, and my neck hurt numb. After that, I flew several times within a year, and it didn't happen again, but during this time, I gradually stopped sleeping well, had to sleep more, after waking up in the morning, I had to nap for another 2-3 hours, and so over time (over about a year/two, it started to worsen to the state I'm in now). After the last plane flight, I also had a very high heart rate that couldn't be lowered (I went to the hospital then, they gave me pills, and it eventually passed, but they found no defect that could cause it). About half a year after that, my heart hurt at work for the first time and lasted until the end of the day (as I described in the symptoms), and since then, it hurts from time to time (it's possible that it's not the heart, but I have the impression that it is). All this was at the age of about 20-21. I waited a long time to go to the doctors because in my country, the waiting times are long, and it costs a lot, also because I am young, they often approached me on the principle of (go for some runs, it will be better, be more active you are to young to have health problems). This year I decided to take care of my health because sleep has deteriorated to the point where I started having problems at work, and it literally became very difficult for me to function.
  


From the tests I've had so far:



    Polysomnography (showed mild sleep apnea 6 ahi/h, but CPAP helps only slightly, I still don't sleep well, and I have the rest of the symptoms).
  


    ECG, ECHO, and HOLTER 48h normal (I also wanted to do a CT scan of the heart for peace of mind to be sure it's not a circulation problem, but I couldn't get the doctor's approval for that).
  


    MRI and CT of the head normal Some misaligned vertebrae in the neck (but the neurologist said they have nothing to do with the symptoms).
  


    EEG for epilepsy good, showed slight changes but within normal limits (but I only had the test after sleep, never had it after a whole night without sleep).
  


    General blood tests good except for reduced vitamin D and elevated ESR (inflammatory state in the body).
  


    Currently waiting for MSLT tests for narcolepsy
  


    Eye and vision exam (all normal)This is my condensed history. If you have any questions, feel free to ask, and I hope that together we will be able to direct me to some tests that will allow me to solve this health mystery because it's getting harder for me to live with it from day to day. Thank you in advance for all your help <3 I hope this post will also help people who have similar symptoms and dont know what is going on

Article: Hello, I (40f) play a role in helping my dad (61m) in his historically complex health care. Most recently, he has a compression fracture in his back and was referred to a pain clinic where he was given a tox screen which reveals cocaine use. He signed an agreement minutes before a UA was performed. These results are  HUGE news to me, I knew he used the occasional edible but this blows my mind because of the risk involved with illicit drug use. He has a history of alcoholism but has been sober for the past six months due to liver issues. He was fired by the pain clinic as a result of this test. He is shaken and feels like “the scum of the earth”. He has always been a top notch father, provider, community member…he’s taking this very hard and has vowed not to touch anything again.
  
    His big concern is finding future care and explaining these lab results when his records are forwarded. I am going to try to guide him through this, and hopefully be present at future visits. How do I help him through this? Does he have any rights in finding care? Can you please help me find a tactful way to explain the case to his future and existing providers and how to best proceed?

Article: I (25F, 125 lbs) have been taking 450 mg lithium extended release tablets, 1 in the morning and 1 at night. I have a 35-40 day menstrual cycle, and the first day of my last period was September 13th. Online calculators base their estimates on a shorter cycle, so I could be anywhere from 7-8 weeks pregnant. Positive at home tests were done last Wednesday and again Thursday.
  
    I know that lithium is toxic to the fetus. But if I stop taking it now, under the direction of my prescriber, would the embryo/fetus/baby be okay? Or is it too late already? I’m worried about heart defects and deformities. What are the chances that it’s too late?

Article: 24, M, 6’1,  220 lb.
  
    A relatively healthy young man going on month 2 of nearly unbearable joint pain & stiffness. What pain started in the ankles/back of the knees has spread to the elbows, back, and pretty much every other joint besides hands over the course of 2 months. His job requires heavy lifting but he initially thought it was from playing and being super active with baseball recently. (Also a former high school athlete)
  
    We are so confused and can’t find answers to this!
  
    Have gotten all kinds of blood work so far it’s shown- High inflammatory markers, mediocre-low testosterone levels, low folate.
  
    No arthritis,lupus, or Lymes disease.
  
    It did show mono? He was sick 2 months ago with covid like symptoms. Could this be the aftermath of mono?
  
    This is nearly debilitating and we need all the answers we can get! TIA

Article: 17 years old, male, 65 kg.so for past couple of months (3-4 months) im having a weird ache around my knee that only last for few seconds and then goes away, its usually randomly felt around the knee (above the knee, side of the knee, on the kneecap, bottom the knee etc), no pain can be felt by touching and is hard to pin point, its usually felt when im moving my knee although there is no pain when the knee is at resting position, the pain usually feel like pinching inside and is pretty mild, i also feel a pulling pain sensation around and above my knee whenever im climbing stairs, i went to a doctor couple of days ago and he gave me vitamin and told it could be an issue with my ligaments, could it be something serious or it is an issue with my ligament of the knee? it all occured without any known injuries.

Article: 22F Asthma Take Vit D supplements
  
    They usually appear very prominent in the summer so I was told my the Doctor it was PLE but why are they apparent in the winter? They become very itchy at night or when l'm cleaning etc In the summer they were red like a rash or sunburn but now they are either white like a dry patch or a raised colourless bump Still itchy

Article: 30M. I have chest pain but mild sometimes to the center from the past few days. Mostly it comes due stretching my arms, or pressing the spot.
  
    I had a small pimple at that spot.Now it went away but the spot is still there.
  
    I have high tryglycerides at 300. Cholestrol is normal. Vitamin D is low and so taking supplements.
  
    My father had a heart attack last year and probably the reason I am scared of whenever something happens near chest.
  
    Please help.

Article: Female 1 year old, 79 cm, 9.5kg
  
    Hi doctors
  
    I would like to know if Fingerstick blood sampling is enough to diagnose diabetes in toddlers. Is the quantity enough?
  
    I am asking this because they did it this way with our 1 year old daughter to rule out diabetes.
  
    Many thanks in advance

Article: F20 just woke up this morning with the most painful bumps on the side of my thumb and now i’m paranoid. for a little background, last week i took a plan b and then a few days later i got a yeast infection. i got that treated with the one day pill and then immediately after i started my period even though i’m not supposed to for another 2 weeks and i’m usually pretty regular. i tested negative for stds but i’m not sure if i got tested for herpes. alright now what i’m getting at…should i be concerned about these bumps?? they’re a small cluster of small bumps on the bottom side of my thumb. i don’t know if it’s a combination of paranoia and not feelings good down there or what but i’m freaking out about these bumps and my health

Article: POST op 3 months

Article: Good morning doctors! I'm hoping to get a better idea of what's going on with our daughter (14 month female). I just got laid off and we lost our insurance until my husband's starts on 12/1, so I'm trying to avoid an unnecessary visit because we're already $700 in the hole for two visits this week. Background: two weeks ago we all got sick with some cold/flu virus. Home test for COVID negative. It cleared up about 9 days ago, but two days later, our daughter spiked a fever again and became exceptionally fussy with a decreased appetite and increased tiredness. After 3 days of this we bit the bullet and took her to her pediatrician. She diagnosed a double ear infection and started her on amoxicillin. This was Thursday afternoon. By Sunday morning her fever, tiredness, and fussiness was still not better, so I called her pediatrician back. They got her in yesterday afternoon and I was told her ears look slightly better, but the fever still being there was a slight concern. At this point she had it for 6 days. They did a urinalysis to check for UTI, but that came up negative. They mentioned it could just be a new virus on top of this or something longer lasting like mono? But they didn't want to rush in to doing bloodwork, which I agreed with. Doctor said to give it another day or two and see. Now this morning she has erupted in a rash all over her chest/belly. It is a bunch of teeny little red pin-size bumps. Any ideas? We can't afford another $300 visit with inconclusive results! Is this something we should be concerned about or is it just some run-of-the-mill virus?

Article: Hello, me and my wife (38F), had a routine blood test done two days ago. After the blood was taken, she had a lot of pain in her hand, today when we took off the bandaid there seems to be strange bruising in her arms mainly on the veins from where the blood was taken.
  
    Could anyone suggest if this is normal and go on its own or should we get to a doctor asap?
  
https://imgur.com/gallery/n3wNPyG

Article: Male, 37years, 93kg, 179 cm
  
    So, I caught cold for the third time this year, and as usually, it coincided with GERD.I first got GERD 3 years ago, when living in an apartment where the landlord started doing some remodeling while i lived in it. Drilling holes in the walls  while I was at work created lots of dust that caused me to have bronchitis and caughing for 30 days. After that past, I was constantly feeling hot, sweating and felt my throat is irritated. As it was the time of lockdown and I was a PhD student in foreign country   with no health insurance, it took me 3 months to realise on my own  that my throat is not hurting because of respiratory issues, but acid. After I went home for summer, having suffered  for 6 months without treatment,  gastroscopy confirmed that i had damage to my esophageal epithelia. I started with PP inhibitors and recovered after 5 months.However, since then, every time I catch some respiratory infection, I get GERD symptoms back. It makes my cold so much worse and it prolongs my recovery. Liquid comes down from sinuses, and also, due to acid, my salivary glands become too active and liquid comes up as well. This makes it very difficult to fall asleep, as I have constant feeling that this is blocking my respiration and  i might asphyxiate i sleep.
  
    Is there a way to break this unfortunate association somehow? My own theory is that my mucus is so damaged, that some immune cells are exposed, which they shouldn't be, and that produces too much histamine, which in turn relaxes my lower esophageal sphincter. Any gastrointestinal specialists here that might reccomend something?

Article: Hi
  
    Male
  
    33 yo
  
    6ft.
  
    15st (approx)
  
    England - Non drinker - non smoker - reasonably active - office worker
  
    I've been suffering from really bad pain at the very, very bottom of my back for almost 3 months now. This is getting worse not better to the point that I now avoid sitting down or lying on my back in bed. The only way I can explain where the pain is would be the very tip of the base of your back between your bum cheeks. E.g. if you were to pace your finger between your cheeks on the very tip of your spine (not the outward facing part of your spine).
  
    When stood up there's no pain whatsoever, I have no form of limited movement and there is no type of movement I do that causes any pain in my back or that area. I play football once a week and have 3 kids (2, 8 & 10) that I can run around with, pick up, carry etc and again, no pain whatsoever.
  
    When sat down however there is a constant pain on the very tip of the base of my spine. The pain is at a level in which I have to sit with my leg tucked under me to keep the base of my back elevated from whatever I'm sat on. The pain is at it's worst when sat on something hard but it's still excruciating when sat on soft things such as our memory foam mattress or the sofa. I can position my back in a position it doesn't hurt if I know I'm sitting for a prolonged period but upon getting up the pain will be worse and I can almost feel a "clicking" sensation in it. The biggest flareups come while driving for a prolonged period (20mins +) but it's present permanently when seated. When laid on my back the pain is lessened but still 'nagging' so the comfiest position to sleep on is my side.
  
    In terms of the type of pain, it's a sharp pain at first then becomes more like an ache. This pain also seems to cause an ache in the top of my legs after a period of time. My partner had no idea what I meant when I said this but the ache in my legs is like when you really need to 'poo' but can't (car journey or in a meeting etc).
  
    York Hospital and our local hospital have a policy that means they will not X-Ray your coccyx. I have no idea why but they flat refused. I have had an X-Ray of my lower back where the radiologist said you could actually see my Coccyx and they said everything came back normal. I have also had blood tests to rule out any form of bone issues which also came back clear.
  
    Does anyone have any idea what this is and what my next move should be? I'm not someone who generally goes to the doctors about issues but this is causing quite substantial pain and discomfort  every single day of my life and I feel like no one has any idea what it is or how to help.

Article: so its been about a month i've had this rough sorta skin feeling around my left ribcage on the front, its not visible on top of the skin, nor can you feel any lumps or anything, i'm kinda concerned its on my left lung instead. pain wise its not that bad, feels a bit stingy from time to time, but more concerningly i've seem to have developed what feels like a dry cough, without the cough bit, so bit of pressure in center of chest (blaming anxiety on that bit) and it feels like i need to clear it to clear my voice, though my voice isnt exactly hoarse, its just feels like it vibrates a bit more than it should when speaking. feels overall like im losing my voice, you know when you speak to much in day. that sorta feeling. Tea doesnt fix it, nor does water consumption.i dont have a fever, i feel a little bit spaced out, but my oxygen levels when i had this checked by a paramedic (couldnt get a doctor appointment) were 98/99. i was told to come back when more symptoms show.
  
    Since then i've had backpain on my left side as well, both top and bottom, i thought i'd pulled a muscle at the gym or something, but it doesnt matter which way i bend my back i cant force the pain, the pain is at random, its like a deep ache.
  
    Image linkhttps://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/412871360424181771/1173630845718904852/20231113_142837.jpg?ex=6564a7e6&is=655232e6&hm=e9d16808992385533b45ff1fd2a954b33bc9fd3c3603e79e9c4c05b74775a9a7&(sorry for not the best pic, hard to take them on your own. between my 2 fingers essentially, along the wall/edge of my lungs it feels)
  
    information about me.
  
    i'm 33M, 6ft 1, 87kg, 17% body fat (theres a machine at gym), White British (live in UK)
  
    i was diagnosed with asthma when i was a baby, i think i've out grown it though as i havent used an inhaler in over 15 years, i still carry the blue one just incase it comes back at a later stage in life.
  
    i smoked cigerettes (12-20 per day) from the age of around 12 - 23 to which then i moved to vaping, i dont have a crazy vape that creates clouds, just more one to control my addiction, i was using 18mg liquid from about 23 - 32, now i'm down to 6mg, i'm trying to ween myself of it down the line as its just more frustrating than anything else these days (battery dies at wrong, coil dies at wrong time, vape leaks all over pocket and you smell like a womans handbag all day ect), with the plan of cold turkey at a later date when i feel ready, plan to move to 3mg first, then go from there. That said, i do vape alot, way more than i should i know, but when i work it drops off massively.
  
    i dont take any medication, but i do take a multivitamin, i eat very well these days, used to have gallstones and had my gallbladder removed, porridge/weetabix in a morning with 1 scoop of protein powder, 4-5 eggs scrambled, baked beans and some brown rice for lunch, for main meal its chicken, brown rice and brocoli. i eat this exclusively day in day out.
  
    i weight train 3 times a week, but outside of that my life style is mostly sedentary, currently out of work and spend most of my time sat at my pc. i dont drive so i walk everywhere. basically physically fit.
  
    Drug wise, in my teenage years i was quite off the rails, i've used alot of hard drugs between the ages of 13 and 17 (i can specify on request). from 23 till about 3 months ago i smoked weed once or twice a month. but i kept getting depressed and decided maybe it was that causing it so i removed it. i did notice pain in this area above though when using a bong and coughing alot due to it.
  
    Alcohol wise, probably 1-2 beers, every 3-6 months, i dont drink, dont enjoy it, but socially, like a wedding or what not i may have 1 or 2 at most. im a lightweight so thats plenty.
  
    i've done a bit of googling around the subject but i have no medical qualifications, thus i'm here to ask you guys what you think, though i'll state what i've seen and dont think it is.
  
    pleurisy, i've had in the past but im not wheezing at all nor do i have sharp pains when i take deep breaths.
  
    Covid, although this has caused me to lose my voice before on and off for about 3 months, im not congested at all, my nose isnt runny or blocked, nor do i have a cough, no fever either.
  
    Cold/Flu, the spaced out feeling does feel similar to what a cold would feel like much milder though, no headaches, the above covid bit states the rest why i dont think its this.
  
    To anything else i simply do not possess the knowledge to say what it is or isnt, the scary bad stuff.
  
    i look forward to hearing your responses, i tried to provide as much information as i could think of, sorry if some of this is irrelevant. Thank you for your time in advance :)

Article: Male, 30 y.o., 6'1" (185cm), 83 kg: white Ireland based
  
    Hi all - for a number of years I suffered from debilitating trigeminal neuralgia and took high doses of a number of meds (including carbamazepine/tegretol, phenytoin, pregabalin/lyrica). The trigeminal neuralgia was episodic and I was able to come off the drugs every few months when I was pain free before restarting when my pain returned. Whenever I was on the meds, I noticed less libido and decreased sexual sensitivity - this was never an issue as my main priority was reducing my pain levels and my libido and sensation always returned whenever I discontinued the meds. However, in 2019 I noticed some pins and needles to my genitals - it felt like my penis had gone to sleep- not painful, just like when you sit funny and an arm or leg goes to sleep. When I next came off the meds however, I noticed the feeling never fully came back. I attributed this to the long periods of taking Carbamazepine and eventually had the microvascular decompression surgery in 2020. This was a full success and I have not had any pain since, however the feeling has not returned either, even after not taking the medication for a number of years now.
  
    Over the last few years I have now been to a number of specialists. The urologist has done a number of tests, including testosterone, estradiol, prolactin, etc. I have been tested for diabetes and vitamin deficiencies and these have also come back negative. I cannot for the life of me figure out what has gone wrong as I have managed to get my life back with regards to my pain but am now left missing a large part of my previous life. I have been tested for STDs as a precaution (despite being in a long-term monogamous relationship) and these were all also negative. I have never taken antidepressants or finasteride (or any other meds other than the meds used to treat my TN) but the information on post SSRI sexual dysfunction do make me think that the drugs I took may have had a long term effect on me similar to those caused by an SSRI. Can anyone think of why this might be? I do not have any issues getting or maintaining an erection at all but there hardly seems a point to sex due to the lack of pleasure and sensation. My other theory was that I may have MS. Trigeminal neuralgia can sometimes be the first symptom of MS and I thought the numbness may be the second episode of MS and that it may just be a coincidence that this set in as I was taking medication. My neuro has ruled this out an says all tests came back fine including several MRIs, evoked potentials etc. More recently I have been experiencing severe fatigue - unfortunately another nonspecific symptom I am unable to "prove" with tests. The fatigue first set in in 2019 and at the time I also blamed this on the medication which is known to cause sleepiness and fatigue. Unfortunately the fatigue only seems to have gotten worse.
  
    Given the lack of objective test results my general practitioner now seems to have put me into the hypochondriac box and is no longer willing to explore any more avenues with me (I will try to switch soon). He suggested my symptoms are psychological and that I am suffering from anxiety and/or depression. I am more than happy to explore this option as even if the issues were psychological at least I could treat them somehow. I sought out a therapist as I currently feel anxious and depressed because of my fatigue and sexual issues. I have a great therapist who explored this and the impact this was having on my life but she also said she could rule out anxiety and depression as the cause.My psych agreed to try me on Modafinil and Buproprion for the fatigue. On the Modafinil I feel slightly wired from a psychological point of view but my body feels just as fatigued and I can even sleep all day on them (despite them promoting wakefulness). The Buproprion I felt gave me a slight energy boost but there was no change to the sexual side of things. I am only 30 and I very much miss having a sexuality. At the moment I almost feel asexual and it is having an impact on my relationship. I could sleep all day every day and cannot find the energy to do even the things I used to enjoy. I have a well paying job which I can carry out from home but even there I find myself procrastinating to the extent that I am certain I will lose my job within the next years. Fatigue is such a difficult symptom to convey as I feel everyone jokes about being tired all the time. I want to scream at people and say I can barely get out of bed but I also don't want my medical practitioners to think I'm a hyperchondriac. I am scheduled to have a sleep test done in January (an at home sleep test indicated I might have central sleep apnea) but in all honesty I just cannot see any health condition that explains both my fatigue and the lack of sensation down below (other than MS). I have explored the option of CFS however I don't have the typical PEM - my exhaustion seems pretty stable (although gradually deteriorating). Despite my therapist saying I don't meet the criteria for clinical depression I do find myself becoming increasingly hopeless - my sexuality used to be a big part of my life and now as a young man I find it completely gone which is so frustrating. I did wonder if I have some issue with Dopamine as I now struggle to motivate myself to do much at all (I used to be quite a driven person, hopping from one project to the next). However, if it were a dopamine issue then surely the Buproprion would have helped with this.
  

    Sorry for the rambling post but this is a very frustrating position to be in, particularly given the symptoms aren't objective.
  
    TLDR: After taking Carbamazepine over several years I feel fatigued and experience genital numbness.

Article: Female,
  


    Age 27
  


    130 lbs
  


    Ontario, Canada
  


    ADHD, inattentive presentation
  


    Adderall xr 20mg
  


    I was recently diagnosed with ADHD.
  
    The two worst things about it for me are organization and time management.
  
    My room is in a state of squalor. It's really bad and probably worse than you've seen on some hoarding TV shows. There are open food containers with rotting and moldy food from years ago. It smells. There are definitely problems with centipede and fruit flies, and maybe more because I wake up with bites. I have used menstrual products just lying around. All flat surfaces are covered in clutter, I cannot see the floor because it's so messy, and all containers and boxes get filled with junk. It certainly resembles hoarding.
  
    It's really bad, and I'm aware of it, and I can't push myself to clean or stay cleaning.
  
    I am worried that I'm going to be evicted if my landlord finds out.
  
    I've always been this messy, but I've relied on two different things to help me. The first, was my parents. They got tired of it and kicked me out. Second, was alcohol. I find cleaning extremely boring... I know everyone does, but it makes it almost impossible for me to do. Once every 5-6 months I would get black out drunk so I could tolerate cleaning for several hours and clean to make things "ok". Unfortunately, as I've gotten older I can't stand alcohol. That's good for my health but I've been incapable of cleaning without it. I stopped drinking about a year ago because my stomach reacted pretty badly. And since then my mess has been really really really out of control.
  
    If you don't understand what executive function is and how ADHD means you struggle with it, I expect judgment and honestly I get it. None of this is okay, and "I just can't" sounds like an insufficient explanation.
  
    I've tried to reach out to hoarding organizations but they said I did not qualify because I don't meet thresholds for being a hoarder. Basically, I don't feel compelled to keep things out of anxiety or OCD or emotional attachment or an "I'll need it" factor. I don't feel compelled to acquire and collect and hoard. I'm also a little too self-aware about how much of a problem it is, whereas hoarders are much more in denial and resist help quite often. I basically just look lazy to them, and they don't help people who are just lazy. And... I get it.
  
    So, if I'm honest with a doctor about how I'm struggling and how I think I need access to therapy and a higher dosage just to be able to CLEAN, how can that impact me? I live with another tenant in this unit who is unaware of how bad my mess is. Squalor, mold, infestations, keeping your unit in a good state of repair - these are all reasons for eviction and I'm terrified of that. I'm terrified of some sort of inspector stopping by or perhaps they notify my landlord or roommate. Perhaps they just don't want me at their office if they're worried about infestations. I want help, but I don't want the process of reaching out to end in an eviction or sour the relationship with my landlord.
  
    Yeah... so... please advise if possible. When can a doctor break confidentiality in my area? Please let me know if anything I mentioned would qualify.

Article: Pain charts and symptoms description

    I am a 37yo male, 5'5, 65kg/143lbs, french, athletic.
  
    3.5 years ago I suddenly felt an excruciating pain and it became more and more frequent. For more than a year my life has become a real struggle. I'm going from specialist to specialist and none of them is able to give me a diagnosis, and worst of all, not even any treatment that could give some relief. As one can imagine, after that much time all of the frequent/usual conditions have already been set aside so we're looking for something quite rare.
  
    I hope to have given most details of my situation in the pictures in the link. Please let me know if any query.
  
    The purpose of the charts I did were to identify any correlation between physical activity and pain (I also did some recording the hours sitting per days or the stairs climbed per day), but I did not identify any link. I also recorded the drugs I took to identify any effect, but as you will see there isn't any.

Article: I am a 47 year old female that had a stroke 10 years ago.  I have had increasing memory problems for about 6 months now.  I did get an EEG but can’t get in to see the doctor til the end of next month.  I will post the results below.  Is this “normal” results for someone that has had a stroke.  Any info would be greatly appreciated.
  
    Description of findings: The posterior background rhythm is well modulated with activity of 10 Hz  of low to moderate amplitude. In the frontal regions there is lower  voltage beta activity seen bilaterally. The background rhythm is reactive  to eye closure. Photic stimulation produces a symmetric driving response.  Hyperventilation is not performed. Drowsiness and light sleep are  captured. There is rare increased slowing over the left hemisphere, most  notable during drowsiness. There are no epileptiform sharp waves, spikes  or spike and slow wave complexes captured. EKG reveals a regular rhythm.  Impression: Abnormal slowing during drowsiness due to focal slowing which likely  correlates with prior history of stroke. There are no epileptiform  abnormalities. Clinical correlation is advised.

Article: 26F, 110 lb, 5’2
  
    Not on any medication
  
    I was slated to have hernia repair surgery two weeks ago. I don’t want to go into detail about why, but I found out I was roughly 4 weeks pregnant 5 days before that. I did not want this pregnancy, and took misoprostol and mifepristone and started that process 2 days after I found out. My surgeon cancelled my surgery. I tried explaining the whole situation to him, I was only 4 weeks, I had likely already passed the pregnancy, my HCG levels were not very high. He still cancelled it. He wouldn’t explain why beyond hormone changes make things more difficult and more likely to get an infection. I don’t really understand what about my dropping hormones would change things. I eventually went silent and started to cry as he demanded I talk to him about why I was so upset. I am in so much pain, I can’t do my every day job, and now he won’t let me book surgery until mid December. I had my HCG levels checked and I went from 143 to 46 over 2 days and I should be testing negative at this point. My OB for the abortion and my regular OB said I would be ok to have the surgery and were not concerned with anything else. I just don’t understand why he is making me wait 7 weeks for the procedure. My hormone levels by this point should be down to non pregnant levels. If the concern was with hormone levels, it isn’t an issue anymore. The way he handled me being upset made me extremely uncomfortable, and his lack of real explanation as to why he was making me wait so long has made me want to get another surgeon. I have two questions.
  
    1: why 7 weeks?
  
    2: if I get another surgeon, should I explain this entire situation to them? Is there such a massive danger in not waiting 7 weeks?
  
    Thank you

Article: I (51m) have never really told anyone about this until yesterday when I told wife, and she laughed hysterically. I guess I did too.
  
    I can squeeze what "feels like" a muscle inside my head. It's not my temporal muscle, not neck muscles, at least not any muscle that I know I'm flexing or is visible that I'm flexing. I have to concentrate, then squeeze.
  
    I've been aware of this "muscle" since I was like fifteen.
  
    It literally feels like I'm squeezing something inside my skull and creates a tingling sensation that radiates around my head and down my spine.
  
    What is it? Not something particularly important, just trivial curiosity.
  
    I've searched the inter-webs and found nothing.

Article: Age: 61M Height: 6’5 Weight: 176lbs Non-smoker and no alcohol use. No current medications except for melatonin. Past history of stage 1B NSCLC in 2017 that was treated with a lobectomy. He didn’t do chemo or genetic testing for any markers. No recurrence. Last clean CT scan was October of 2022 (five-year clear mark).
  
    Ever since my dad was diagnosed with cancer in 2017, I’ve had a lot of anxiety about his health. In the past year, I’ve noticed that he seems to be degenerating in many aspects and I’m not sure if it’s old age or a cause for concern.
  
    The most noticeable differences have been in his mobility/coordination and his speech. I’ve noticed in the last year that he’s become increasingly uncoordinated. He’ll often trip over things, sway/tip to the side while he’s walking, and have trouble balancing when hiking/walking on uneven terrain. He does have problems with his knee joints and says that there is a lot of swelling and pain in them. (He says this is leftover from when he was a professional athlete and he sustained multiple knee injuries from jumping). He also says he has increasingly little strength in his legs/joints and that’s why he is uncoordinated. He also has back problems and can’t really bend down to pick things up without straining/being in discomfort.
  
    The other major thing I’ve noticed is that his speech, memory, and speech processing seems to have deteriorated significantly in the last year. I’ve noticed that he has trouble finding the right word and often stutters. This happens a few times everyday and he has to try multiple times to use the right word. He often also just misuses words and will respond back with a wrong word even if you repeat it multiple times (e.g., I’ll say the name of a restaurant multiple times and he will still say it back to me wrong). Also, often I’ll say something and he’ll just stare at me blankly for 5-15 seconds while he processes what I say. It’s a big scary. He also has trouble recalling names, memories, details, etc. When any of this happens he just shrugs it off and says “Wow I’m getting old.”
  
    These are the two major things that I’m concerned about, but he’s also had a persistent cough for the last month leftover from when he caught a cold. He also chokes /coughs regularly when he eats and says it’s because his throat gets irritated easily. He’s also experiencing very itchy/dry skin on his legs and he’s scratched them to the point that there are tiny scabs. Lastly, ever since his lung surgery to remove his tumor, he hasn’t been able to get his weight back up. He’s very thin but his weight hasn’t fluctuated in the last five years.
  
    I’m just so worried. He currently splits his time evenly between China and the U.S., but most of his health records are in the U.S. but he doesn’t speak English well so he’s not a good advocate for himself, which is why I have to be his advocate. Ever since he was declared cancer free, he has been really confident about his health and doesn’t want to see any doctors. I told him he’s delayed for his yearly CT and he isn’t even concerned.
  
    What should be my course of action here? Is there anything warranting an immediate doctor’s visit (he’s currently in China and wait times are nonexistent for any doctors)? He will return to the US in about a month. What should I do here in the US…make him a primary care appointment or specialist appointments? I’m just so concerned about a cancer recurrence. He’s already delayed two months for his yearly CT. Should I just tell him to get it now in China or wait a month until he gets back to the US where his past records are?

Article: Hello, hoping some opinions from medical personnel:
  
    I am 30F, healthy, 18.5 BMI. My first pregnancy was at 28yo, non eventful until ~34 weeks. I started measuring 3 cm/weeks behind. Induced at 38 weeks + 3 days due to oligohydramnios. Baby was born healthy, APGAR 9, but low birth weight of 5lb 5oz.
  
    I have no risk factors for preeclampsia, no known family history of such either. No previous miscarriages or multi fetal pregnancies.
  
    During my 6 week f/up with my OB, she advised on using low dose aspirin with my subsequent pregnancies starting around 12 weeks.
  
    I am pregnant again, currently 12 weeks.
  
    My husband and I are both in healthcare, so we combed through all of the literature around this. None of the guidelines we found suggested I fall into the category of needing to take low dose asprin.
  
    My NP recommended just following OB directions, but aknowledged the discrepancy. I understand for legal medical reasons, it’s hard to argue against a specialist’s stance.
  
    So now I’m hoping for some outside opinions. How would you advise your patient to proceed? Should ASA just be taken as OB recommended years ago?
  
    Thanks!

Article: 44 male 5’11” 255 pounds Non smoker, non drinker, no drugs St. Louis Missouri
  
    I have noticed a hard lump that feels like it’s part of my skull on the left side base where the neck meets up with the skull. No pain. I feel it on both sides but it’s is very noticeable on the left side.
  
    Can anyone tell me what this could be?

Article: Hello all, I am currently uninsured but working on it but would like some tips in the meantime and also a place to start for when I have the insurance as I feel like it might take some time to get a direct answer. I am a 29F, overweight but have lost 30 pounds in the last year. I used to be a heavy drinker about 6 years ago for a total of about 3 years, and I mean I have no problem admitting being an alcoholic in that regard. I slowed down over time and am now at a point where if I even drink it's maybe twice a month and not near the quantity it used to be and haven't drank anything in a month. I have a very stressful home life, I am a caregiver for my mom who has MS but has also been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, so she is very combative and triggers my anxiety. I was also working in a high stress job two years ago and actually suffered a mental breakdown where they gave me a sabbatical and I got set up with psych and therapy. The psych was going off an over 10 year old diagnosis from when I was a teenager of being bipolar and so she kept putting me on antipsychotics even though at one point I attempted to tell her I didn't believe I had bipolar disorder. She also eventually started me on 0.5mg of clonopin. The therapist I had diagnosed me with C-PTSD. Before the time of the start of psychiatric help I had an intense hypertensive attack where I had to go to the hospital. I had follow up care with a doctor there and I was started on Valsartan. I was also pre-diabetic so I was started on Metformin and eventually Ozempic and that got my blood sugar to regulate. Unfortunately I haven't been on any of those meds in over a year due to losing my insurance when I quit my job. However I haven't had any of the symptoms that I was experiencing before but I'm sure they are still there just not as bad.
  
    When I quit my job my anxiety got out of control. I could not leave my house. My mom is prescribed clonopin as well so I was taking that from time to time when it got unbearable but recently started seeing a psych who's premium I can afford once a month. She listened to me about the bipolar and decided to treat my biggest issues; depression and anxiety. She started me about 1 month and a half ago on Lexapro 10mg. She also started me on 10mg of propranolol. The first two weeks the side effects from the Lexapro were awful but I regulated by the next appointment where she upped the dose to 20mg. The anxiety however was even worse so she opted to either start me back on clonopin or gabapentin, my choice. I chose gabapentin, since clonopin only ever really took the edge off. That was about 2 weeks ago. The gabapentin has been amazing for me. I take 300mgs 3 times a day and sometimes only 2 if I feel like I don't need the middle dose (per her rec). And the Lexapro as well has made a huge difference. So I really don't want either of these drugs to be the source of the problem.
  
    Now to the problem. I did forget to mention my history of insomnia, I was on trazodone for it but eventually due to all the stress I went from insomnia to hyposomnia so didn't take it anymore and never take it unless I'm having an episode of insomnia which rarely happens especially considering what's going on now. A few months back before I started any of these new medications and before I was taking anything other than a clonopin here and there but never while at work, I found myself nodding off randomly and uncontrollably. I would blink and doze off for like 10 seconds. This would last for a few hours and then I would still be fatigued but the micronapping wasn't happening. I had also met my boyfriend at this time and I will admit that during the first 2 weeks of us hanging out like 2 dumb idiots we just wanted to spend time together and were up way later than we needed to talking or hanging out. Since then that has seized. However I also noticed at his house he would put something on the TV, I would be fine and awake look at the TV and after about 5 minutes I'd start the nodding and eventually passed out. I came to the conclusion that maybe it was severe screen fatigue and some sleep deprivation mixed in. Eventually that stopped happening and I stopped nodding off at work. Also as a note the nodding at work was only happening when I wasn't stimulated because my current job is much slower paced than my last one and I have a lot of down time.
  
    Cut to this last week. I started nodding off at work again, but I would be actually stimulated entering data and blinking and next thing you know it was 10 seconds later, and I'd have double vision after opening my eyes. I would drink coffee, go outside to get some air which would work for about 10 minutes than repeat. I know it correlates with the start of the gab which is why I hope it's not that but I'm also confused because the first week the gab melted away my anxiety and I think it was the most efficient I have been at work. This weekend however things got scary. Now when this was happening before and I was driving from my bfs house to my house to get ready for work my eyes would be heavy but I never fell asleep at the wheel. The past weekend I have done so multiple times. The first time I struggled the entire time and definitely micronapped a few times but it cultivated in me genuinely nodding off and slamming up a median luckily. The second time I drove about 40 minutes to a store was completely fine, not tired, upbeat even, but then on my way home started nodding off and veering into different lanes. Then this morning once again on my way home from my boyfriend's I was okay for about 10 minutes and then it hit me. I continuously veered into different lanes, my reaction time was shit in terms of breaking at lights, I almost hit another car. It was terrifying. And I haven't taken the gabapentin the last 2 days in case it was that. I had to call off of work because I was afraid of driving there. So I'm going to definitely have my bf chauffeur me until I get this figured out.
  
    A few other instances of nodding off, I was eating dinner and started to fall asleep in the plate, and I was dying my hair and falling asleep while waiting. I have also fallen asleep a few times smoking cigarettes and I have never done that in my life in fact I'm quite paranoid about that. My bf has mentioned I snore like a freight train for the first 20 minutes when I pass out because unbeknownst to me I roll on my back when I fall asleep but once I roll over on my side or stomach that stops. However he has also mentioned that there have been a few times where I will cough in my sleep, choke, shoot up in the bed for a few seconds than lay back down. This doesn't happen every night but it has happened. And while I know that could be sleep apnea but due to the weather change I have been stuffy/sinusy the last month or so to keep in mind. And the micronapping sounds more like what I have in my head of the idea of narcolepsy.
  
    At the end of the day I know I need a sleep study but in the meantime  I'm just looking for some thoughts or tips to help me out until I can get to a doctor. Thank you in advance.

Article: 34 Years Old
  


    Male
  


    USA
  


    I have a very strong pulse on the inside of my right ankle on the posterior tibial artery.
  
    I saw a vascular specialist and did the following tests.
  


    Ankle Branchial Index (ABI)
  


    Venous Ultrasound - Both Legs
  


    Arterial Ultrasound - Both Legs (Report 1 and Report 2)
  


    Everything was normal, but there was one “weird” finding on my Arterial Ultrasound. They could see the postural tibial artery “pulsing” on my right ankle and the velocity was 93 cm/s…they immediately compared it to the same spot on my left ankle and it was 51 cm/s.
  
    Now my doctor wants to do a CT Scan - Angio Aorta and Runoff to look for an “aneurysm” which is a bit confusing. I kept asking my doctor “why” this test was necessary and they said it was due to the Arterial Ultrasound.
  
    I provided the results above…does anyone know why my doctor is ordering another test and if it’s necessary?

Article: 25 year old, 50kg, female.
  
    I take brintellix for my anxiety disorder. One of the side effects when you first start it is nausea. When I first started taking them I did have an upset stomach for two days but after that I had no problems. I stopped taking them for a couple of weeks because I kept forgetting to take them. I started back on them a two or three weeks ago and the first day or two I had terrible nausea. Now just the thought of taking my meds makes my stomach turn. Any advice?

Article: I have a wall lamp and there must obviously he some electricity problem because when I touched the metal part of it yesterday I got a shock. I touched it three times. It was just a small shock that causes tingles, no burns.
  
    Now, hours later, I still have the tingling feeling. Is this serious? Is it just anxiety?

Article: I 35M have a question about my urine. Is this orange or dark yellow? What could be causing this other than dehydration.  I posted a pic in the comments.

Article: Female, 23, 63KG, Vaper, no current medication.
  
    Was playing with partner earlier ended up tripping over and he fell on top of me ( 95 KG man ) at the back of our sofa. He had his arms around my shoulders so I didn’t fall on my shoulders but the middle of my back took the hit.
  
    The sofa is made of wood and I fell on the arch at the back and the middle of my back took the hit, there was cracking noises which I didn’t find unusual as my back does crack easily anyway.
  
    And after an initial panic attack as I was scared I’d done serious damage everytning seems fine apart from some discomfort where I took the fall, and if I arch my back it does make some soreness/pain. But however I’m wondering is there anything I need to look out for? Would I of caused damage and if so how long would it take before I know.
  
    Sorry if it isn’t a good explanation.
  


    fell on back with a heavy male on top of me, middle of back took quite a hit and is now scared I’ve broke something in my back, seeking advice off the internet.

Article: Hello,
  
    I am a 27 year old female and have been having ongoing flank pain that comes and goes for at least the past year. The pain is dull, achy, and mild.
  
    I had my first ultrasound in November ‘22 which came back negative for any findings.
  
    In June this year I had an abdominal CT, notes state: “no acute intra-abdominal or intrapelvic findings, mild fullness of the right renal collecting system, normal appendix”.
  
    I had another ultrasound done in September again was normal.
  
    My doctor basically told me we’re just gonna wait to see if it gets worse before doing anything else so I wanted to see what other people think. Thanks in advance for any help or advice!!
  
    ETA: The CT also says there are “bilateral pelvic calcifications close to the expected location of the ureters, although there is no convincing evidence of ureteral calculi”

Article: Can smoking weed before a MRA affect the result?
  
    I'm gonna have a brain MRA tomorrow and planning on smoking weed before. Can it affect the results of the scan?
  
    M19, 1.83 been having some cognitive problems for a while now, I'm having this scan to see if theres any problem with my brain

Article: Hi all, I'm a 30F. My general practitioner asked for an ANA test as a dermatologist suggested it as I have had some very unusual skin issues for the last 3 years (with elements of eczema, chronic hives and rosacea) and the hives significantly worsened over the last month.
  
    I got an ANA value of 1:160. Because of this the lab conducted an anti ds-DNA test and an ENA panel, both were negative, which I understand suggests I'm unlikely to have lupus. All my other inflammation markers are also perfectly normal, the only other anomaly in my bloodwork is a very slightly elevated creatinine value, leading to an eGFR value the lab still deemed normal.
  
    I don't really have any systematic issues other than the skin problems. Sometimes my hamstring muscles feel really tight, kind of like a soreness, but I've been walking a lot less than I used to and not exercising properly since I went WFH during COVID and it quickly improves when I walk more. I've had on and off tension in some of my fingers, but this always happens when my shoulders are stiff or I've overworked my arms, so I have been pretty sure it's a mechanical issue. I am not sure any of this qualifies as the kind of muscle/joint issues seen in autoimmune diseases.
  
    I am trying to understand how worried I should be that I have an autoimmune disease, and what referrals or tests I should ask for next if my GP brushes the results off. I was shocked and distressed to receive the ANA result so any thoughts would be appreciated as I won't see my GP until Thursday.
  
    If it helps, several people in my mum's family have Hashimoto's and my mum has multiple sclerosis.

Article: 36 Male For the last year I have been getting wierd scalp stinging pains shooting pains in one spot 2 inches above my temple. It's almost every morning. Then happens randomly throughout the day. Less often during then mid morning hours. I also get wierd like parasthesia around my mouth and cheeks and sometimes it's left side sometimes it's right side. It feels like my facial hair is prickling me. Then it goes away and comes back randomly. I have upper spine problems like arthritis, facet joint issues, degenerative disc issues, pinched nerve in c4. Also have TMJ and jaw pains etc. I suffer severe anxiety and panic and this all started when I found out about cancer in a relative (December last year). I am terrified it's a brain tumor or cancer. My sleep pattern is awful. 8 pm to midnight then I am up. I work 2 am to 7 am 6 days a week for 2 years now which threw me off completely from my prior jobs 7-330 hours. I also drink alcohol everynight for 2 years from 330 pm to 7 pm. I take Xanax 2 times a day. I take 800 mg of Gabapentin a day. I'm divided doses. I also take 5 grams of Kratom throughout the day. Did I damage somerhing in my brain or my nerves. Could this be medication related. Lack of sleep. From my neck. A trigger from anxiety? Or something sinister. It sounds like cluster or ice pick headaches don't kr Thank you for your help

Article: 34f, take no medications, no birth control, only drink alcohol time to time, haven't drunk alcohol for a week, I don't take drugs anymore (probably 15 years ago last time).I just had a chamomile tincture about 30 minutes ago.I now feel stoned! It does not feel relaxing, and I don't feel like it's a placebo effect because I was just expecting the same as a cup of chamomile tea.I bought it a few years ago from iherb, and I stopped when I was pregnant and breastfeeding. I just had some now and it does not feel like when I had it the first time. Could be fermented or something?Not going to the doctors about it, just bed as I hate this feeling (always felt bad smoking weed many years ago).The ingredients are wood betony herb, fennel seed, chamomile flower, hop strobbles, and catnip.Is it possible to get high from one of these above?Anyways thanks for reading, and any advice!

Article: See image here

    Developed tiny ring shaped mark on my palm last night. Doesn’t itch, don’t feel anything. Did not grip anything to leave a mark, and did not burn myself. Just adopted a dog from the shelter 4 days ago, so I’m extra paranoid it’s ringworm. He’s been scratching himself a good bit, but his coat is so thick I haven’t been able to locate any ringworm rashes where he’s scratching, just an ear infection (vet appointment scheduled). I immediately put anti-fungal cream on it and covered with a bandaid, but if it is ringworm from my dog, I guess it’ll be everywhere by now. TIA!
  
    29F, non smoker, most recent BP is 100/68, mild von willebrand’s disease & asthma, recent long COVID, otherwise healthy. Mirena IUD, symbicort, daily vitamin & Allegra.

Article: Age-20 Sex- Afab Height- 5'10" Weight- 130 ish Race- White Duration of complaint- 2 days Location- TN Any existing relevant medical issues- Unknown Current medications- None
  
    The problem: I've been itching my knees, feet, fingers, palms, elbows a LOT the past 2 days, I brushed it off as anxiety itches and went to work today. Well at work those itches switched to pain, my palms/fingers hurt when my close them, my knees hurt when moved, I can not stand on my feet or move them either without pain. It all hurts to the touch as well. This is all completely new to me and I'm hoping I can just go to sleep and wake up feeling better tomorrow but I want to know whats wrong with me? and if it does get worse, should I go to urgent care or the hospital? I don't even think I can walk to my bed and I'm still also VERY ITCHY. I can not move my thumb without it also moving my index and it all hurts 😭

Article: 28F //
  
    I recently went for an annual checkup that included a routine CBC and while other details came back normal, my platelet count was above normal at 486. My clinic’s normal range was 150-400. Should I be alarmed?
  
    I take blood pressure medication - telmisartan 40g  (genetically have high BP). I also don’t really have any other symptom aside from the usual stiffness due to a lot of work stress. Nothing is feeling off as well.
  
    I’m just wondering if I should be concerned about the above normal platelet count and if there’s anything I can do to have it return to normal range.
  
    Would appreciate any advice.

Article: Hello all,
  
    30, male, 190 lbs.
  
    I've been experiencing some recurrent vertigo attacks that last 1-2 minutes. First one was during a panic attack, blood went all to my feet and room started spinning, second one was when I got really anxious after a night were I woke up during a migraine. The last one was the worst, I was in a decent mood, after sleeping well after a long period of not being able to sleep more than 4 hours and I first got lightheaded and then after lying down and getting back up in 30 seconds, the entire room started spinning.
  
    This has put my anxiety through the roof since I'm always thinking I have Meniere (I've experienced other somatizations in the past but nothing this serious).
  
    Sometimes I get lightheadidness and it doesn't turn to full rotational vertigo If I don't move my head too much.
  
    What I've done so far?
  
    Brain MRI -> clean
  
    ENT-> no BPPV discovered, good audiogram, good rotatory chair, good VNT, good VHIT.
  
    My folic acid is very low and my vitamin d was a bit low. My good cholesterol is significantly low
  
    I was going through a rather stressful period at the moment. I've been having these like one every few weeks for 3 months.
  
    I don't get ear pressure, hearing change, changes in my tinnitus ( I have constant high freq tinnitus since 4 years ago).
  
    What would you do in my case? I am terrified that I don't know what I have and things would get progressively worse and worse. I am looking 24/7 into what it could be.
  
    Can it just be a somatization reaching even room spinning vertigo?
  
    Thank you all for your answers.

Article: I am a 35 year old female. 160 pounds, 5’4. No diagnosed medical conditions, however I have been having arthritis like symptoms for a few years now (starting in 2020) mainly in my shoulders and discomfort in my upper spine.
  
    I had a physical back in august with the hopes I would be referred to a rheumatologist, but instead I was sent for labs for the 3rd time in 2 years. My labs were all within normal ranges, but the day after my appointment the arm I had blood drawn from became very sore, similar to what it felt like after getting the Covid shot. It remained sore for a week and then came the numbness. Whenever I would be in a sitting position my arm would go numb, but it was fine if I was standing up. This lasted until a couple weeks ago and the pain was starting to get worse around my left shoulder blade and shoulder. After 3 days of not being able to get any sleep I headed to the after hours clinic. I was told I was having a muscle spasm so I was prescribed muscle relaxers and steroids to help with the inflammation. I also had an x-ray of my upper back and was referred to a sports medicine doctor a few days later.
  
    The medicine greatly helped the pain but the numbness and soreness in my arm was still present but better by the time I saw the sports medicine doctor. He went over my x-rays (nothing abnormal) and said I have a pinched nerve in my neck and recommended I get a new pillow, start a new anti inflammatory instead of Motrin. Said if my symptoms are still the same I need to come back for an MRI but my husband isn’t pleased with the cost of what that will add up to.
  
    It seems like the inflammation in my left shoulder is back, it’s constantly cracking and sore with movement. The whole area is sore and still numb and I’m starting to worry something is being missed. I will push for an MRI of my shoulder and arm if necessary but I’m posting in here hoping someone might have additional suggestions. Will my arm go back to normal? Would it be worth my time to request an ultrasound of my arm to see if there’s something specific going on there in addition to the pinched nerve? I don’t want to keep running to the after hours clinic because I’m worried they will think I’m just seeking pain medication, what I’m really wanting is a diagnosis and to figure out why I’m having so much inflammation- get to the root cause so hopefully it can be remedied. I’m worried whatever is going on will cause permanent damage. I have 2 children that I need to be healthy, active and able bodied for.
  
    Please advise. Thank you in advance!

Article: Hello just a little background. I am a 24 year old Male, 5’9 and currently in Europe on vacation. Snce last week before my vacation,  I started having some pain around my right lower quadrant. Slowly that shifted to the left side and kept feeling it build but didn’t think much of it. I then noticed the smell of my urine was off and it was darker than usual. It also felt extremely hot when I peed. Yesterday I started feeling groin pain on the left and right sides close to my hips as well as pain right underneath my belly button as well as lower back. I received an online subscription for antibiotics and already took one pill this morning. Could this be a UTI or something different? Just a little anxious about all this because I’ve never felt anything like this before.

Article: Hi there. 33 year old, Female, 85kg, 5'8". Occasional smoker and drinker, no underlying health concerns. No medications. Have had on and off chest and sinus  infections for the last 5-6 weeks. Persistent stuffy head. Have been taking vit c, d, multivitamin. Eating well and resting. Went to my doctor about 2 weeks ago, she diagnosed it as a viral infection that I just couldn't shift, she prescribed me a course of steroids, antihistamine and nasal drops. They helped me a lot and felt great for about a week, but im back congested again, yellowy mucus again and this morning ive have bluey/black threads in my snot when blowing my nose!! Thought it was a once off but its been all day. I dont think its dust/candle soot/make up or anything else i can think of. Any ideas about the blue snots? And any advice on what I should do? Thanks in advance!

Article: 26F. 5ft2in. 172lbs. Long story short. I'm looking to start a biologic medication so my dermatologist ran a whole bunch of blood tests.
  
    The following tests came back abnormal: •Eosin % - 8.4% •CO2- 21 mMol/L •Creat- 0.5 mg/dL I have been feeling unusally fatigued during the day, but can't sleep at night. My asthma has been a lot worse recently as well(needing my inhaler 2-3x a day). For about 2 weeks my hands and feet have been swelling daily but I've had no changes in my diet and I exercise daily with walks and chasing a toddler. If anybody could let me know what these mean and if these signal something I should follow up about with my pcp

Article: Hello,
  
    For more than a year I ve (27M) been experiencing unexplained respiratory symptoms (expiratory and sometimes inspiratory wheezing audible without stethoscope, dry cough, discomfort while taking a deep breath, constant tickle in the back of the throat). Tried multiple asthma medications, got 2x chest xrays, spirometry, ent laryngoscope check and all results came back fine. However I still experience the symptoms and as a person with health anxiety, I am freaking out more and more about having a lung cancer that was missed on x ray, especially that I have some history of cigarette smoking. My pulmonologists had been brushing it off with post-infection scarring explanation, however my nerves couldnt let me leave it like that. After pushing him for CT for 4 months he finally prescribed me HRCT of chest.
  
    I will get my scan in a few days, however I am concerned about its efficacy in finding suspicious lung nodules - as far as I know HRCT type of scan scans only minor part of lungs in spaced "slices" and I worry that it can miss my hypothetical disease. I ve found opinions that HRCT is used primarily to diagnose diffused lung diseases, not localised ones. Am I right? Or rather should I not worry and HRCT will tell me whether I have lung cancer or not?
  
    I have found post that gives me some hope, but I am not a professional and I do not understand it fully: https://www.reddit.com/r/Radiology/s/B8dZAmBcxY

    Ps. I know that I am a very annoying type of patient because of my health anxiety, I try to do my best, but with some issues I just cant stop overthinkig. Sorry for all docs that have had this dubious pleasure of dealing with my mostly non-existent health issues.
  
    TLDR:
  
    Is HRCT of chest efficacious in finding lung nodules or its only legitimate use is to diagnose diffused lung disease?

Article: Greetings!
  
    For three days, whenever I started walking, I had pain on the left side of my knee which kind of extends to the upper leg and the foot. I still decided to go on a technically difficult trek yesterday. And while the pain was there for the first 3 minutes after starting to move (whenever I stopped), it worked out kind of fine, my leg didnt just fold or something. Worked for about 20 km.
  
    Today I woke up with even more pain, and there's bruising on the left outer knee. It's kinda bad but not too bad. No swelling though. Walking hurts a lot, sitting down doesnt.
  
    So its probably a partial tear, maybe a total rupture? Cant really tell. I decided to move as little as possible and take some chill days. I still want to stroll around the city for 2-3km a day because there's an important friend I'd want to visit from time to time.
  
    How hard will I suffer, if I keep walking around low key?

Article: As I recently (3+ months ago) got clean off heroin, I can’t help but notice that I still yawn all the time, which really bothers me. I can’t find anything online about any deficiencies linked to excessive yawning, without it having something to do with tiredness/fatigue/not enough sleep. This is NOT the case, I’m sure. It lasts all throughout the day, and it typically comes up when my brain isn’t stimulated (f.x. on my way home in the train, or when I’m sitting still and have to take in learning in a classroom), but generally anytime.
  
    So, if anyone could help me shine some light on;
  


    Why I keep yawning, so long after the initial withdrawal phase
  


    What I can do, or take of supplements, to reduce this annoying “side-effect”
  


    Additional information: I am a 21 years old male, live in Denmark, was addicted to opiates for about 3 years. No real medical complications, other than that I am currently undergoing ADHD “investigation” (which I am 95% positive, I suffer from). Also worth mentioning that I use nicotine products, but not excessively. I also take 75 mg quetiapine and 5 mg melatonin for sleep.

Article: I have a sore throat. I’m not taking any medications at all. On Saturday I went thinking it was strep. No fever, no congestion or anything. My other symptoms are severe headache, fatigue, nausea, and ear pressure. Tested negative for strep, COVID, and flu. They basically said it was a cold.
  
    Today I woke up and I have literally the worst sore throat I have ever had in my whole life. It got a little better yesterday, but now my throat feels like it’s going to burst if I swallow. Would it be worth it to go again?

Article: Me (17M) and my girlfriend (16F) lost our virginities without any birth control, i know that it was very stupid, but i cant change what happened. Now her period is 2 days late though she has all of her pre-period symptoms. I am 100% confident that i didnt finish in her and according to multiple cycle calculators, she wasnt supposed to be ovulating when we had sex. She tells me that her belly is a little bloated and she has been very tired the past few days (tho this is common around her period). Is there a good possibility that she is somehow pregnant or is her period late because of stress from fearing being pregnant and other stuff?

Article: My son has paranoid schizophrenia.
  
    He has had a bad last couple of days. He sent his doctor some messages that I worry could cause him problems with his psychiatrist.
  
    In the messages he wonders if she is doing something to him to cause various symptoms of paranoia and the stomach aches that come with his antipsychotic. And he asked if it's illegal for her to do something like that. He said he is being tortured by her and the medicine.
  
    His messages are not threatening. It's all questions. I'd say the tone of the message is very sad rather than angry. He does have a behavioral alert for punching an emergency room doctor while he was in psychosis.
  
    Male. 20-years old. 5'9 155lbs  300mg Quetiapine no alcohol, no others drugs or tobacco

Article: (26M) (6’1) (220 lbs)
  
    I’ve recently been having a lot of soreness in my left rib cage. It’s not really painful but just general soreness. I thought it may be connected to my IBS/GERD but I’m now freaking out that it is heart disease. How would I know if it’s my heart or like muscoskeletal? For example, I’m a student and I sit hunched over studying many hours a day which seems to put pressure on my rib area.

Article: Hello, 28M here, I have suffered of depression since very little (at 14 I already had suicide thoughts) and I'm sure I have other mental problems but being poor I can't pay for tests at a psychiatrist (I am nearly always imitating other people when walking/dancing/laughing/etc... and I am very talkative or nearly mute depending on the occasion, also I start projects and never finish them and I get nervous without music or a podcast in the background). The question is that I used to be more motivated by food, but since a month or more I don't feel any want to eat, I just eat when my stomach starts hurting. What can I do? PD: Sorry for my bad english.

Article: It is 1690, normal range is something like 120-700. I have looked up the causes and i found cancer, liver problems etc. ... I do eat chicken liver and beef so I am hoping its this? But shouldn't my body wee it all out?
  
    I am 21 years old female
  
    172cm, 56kg
  
    White
  
    I don't smoke or drink

Article: 8F, 4’9”-ish, ~85lbs. Southern state USA History of asthma and allergies to wheat (grade 3), hickory pecan + oak + cypress trees, and Johnson grass. Meds: Flonase, Allegra
  
    My daughter has an extensive history of environmental allergies. We’ve gotten symptoms mostly managed after she’s had her tonsils removed (because inflammation causing obstruction) and we identified her allergens. She basically has no allergy type reactions anymore.
  
    We visited a family member out of state this past weekend and she had the worst reaction I’ve seen from her in a long time. I had to give her Benadryl after her eyes started swelling. I’m confident she was not exposed to wheat, oak, cypress, or Johnson grass. We’ve visited this place many times no issue but I worry if this happens again Benadryl won’t be sufficient.
  
    We realized later that the wood pellets used to grill dinner were made of hickory. She went to the store with my family member to purchase them and handled the bag. This correlates with symptom onset.
  
    I assumed these types of allergies were related to pollen. Is it possible simply handling the pellets could cause this reaction? We have a smoker at home and this hasn’t happened but she never handled the bag/pellets until this instance.
  
    Yes i’ve reached out to her doctor but figured i’d ask here. Please be nice if this is a dumb question. It was literally never explained to us that it could be the wood itself, only pollen was mentioned so this never crossed my mind.

Article: I (29yo Male) was playing street hockey this morning and after somebody took a shot the ball got deflected and hit me directly in the eye, I don’t even think it hit my skull at all and the eyeball took all of the impact.
  
    There is minor redness however the pupil is now staying constricted and does not appear to be reacting to varying amounts of light shined into it.
  
    I do not take any medication. Is this something I just have to let rest, or am I taking a substantial risk by not seeing a doctor?

Article: Hi I’m a 32M, history of asthma, who had what I believe was an URI (pretty severe flu-like symptoms, tested negative for COVID twice) a few weeks ago. My more severe symptoms resolved after 4-5 days but my very productive cough lingered for about 2 weeks. I saw my PCP because I was producing green mucus which turned brown. He prescribed a 5 day course of azithromycin (2x the first day, once a day after). I took it the first two but have missed the last two. Should I continue taking it as planned and is it likely that I will develop any resistance in the future? Thanks!

Article: My partner, 50M, has a very long term issue with pains in his leg, and after ruling out orthopedic and vascular issues he's been referred to neurology. He saw a neurologist who said the situation is unlikely to be improved but that they'd request a bunch of tests to rule out sinister stuff.
  
    I'm not sure how useful it is to give a long history because I'm not looking for ideas on what his issue actually is, but if you need more info let me know. What we actually are wondering is why he's been sent an appointment for MRI of the brain and spine but not including the leg? We feel like it makes no sense not to include the leg if doing this?
  
    I figure there is probably a good reason but it takes weeks to get clarification from the doctor here, so in the meantime we just wondered if anyone could shed any light on that, or I guess if someone could just confirm that it's a logical thing to do for investigating a leg pain...?

Article: Terry’s Nails?
  
    Hello. 45 y/o male, 5’9” 192lbs, active/otherwise seemingly healthy, just over the 15 episodes per hour mild/moderate line for sleep apnea, very occasional recreational drinker (0-4 drinks per month for only 4 years) clear blood work as of 5-6 months ago, in addition to ultrasound (checking for possible abdominal hernia) where they noted that I had a “slightly fatty liver”). I also tend to be very gaseous/flatulent which they also noted.
  
    I also was tested a couple months ago for allergies and nearly all of my markers for local pollen and foods were off the charts. I have also had COVID 3x pretty badly and still have “long symptoms” (no shots). Have concern about my recent changes since August/September) in nail appearance- any thoughts?
  
https://ibb.co/zPtYRL4

Article: I am a 33 y.o female and I've had this leg pain for about 2-3 weeks through my hamstring.  It starts in my knee and goes through the back of my leg.  When I am sitting or laying down it does not really bother me, but when I get up to start walking it is a fairly sharp pain. After I move around for a while it seems to get better.  I'm suspecting a strain, but it hasn't seemed to get much better after rest and ice.  Thank you for any advise!

Article: Hello,
  
    66yo male recently diagnosed with MCI, with small shrinkage of the hippocampus, with history of of smoking 20 years ago, no diabetes,has umbilical hernia and ciclotimic bipolar disorder (takes dorene tabs, lamitor, aririprizol, lithium and, for MCI, takes cognitus and cogmax).
  
    He did the abeta42/40 plasma exam and it turned out to be 0.171 witch is good, BUT the abeta42 level is under 40, and the abeta40 around 220. In the exam result, it didnt show any specific numbers for what the abeta42 and 40 should be, but online I saw that it is suppose to be around 500 and 4000, respectively, for his age, is that true?
  
    Could these numbers in his exame have been caused by his bipolar disorder? I saw that these abeta 40 and abeta 42 levels could be caused by hypotireoidism.. is that true?
  
    Thank you

Article: I have 5 questions relating to hair loss and regrowth, medication storage, and lupus nephritis and kidney disease. The questions will follow a brief summary of my disease progression, I can also provide monthly and in some cases fortnightly blood and urine work results and photos if requested - privately of course.
  
    Nov 2022: swelling, stiffness and pain in fingers, wrist, knees, ankles and shoulders. Transient, lasting 4-5 days at a time and then absent for 3-5 days, then returning.
  
    Dec '22 - Feb '23: symmetrical eyelash loss in a single patch on each eye. Scalp hair loss likely had began as I suspected hair loss was becoming excessive, however it became more blatant in later months with chunks falling out. In Jan i was also overprescribed vitamin D (told to take 25,000 iu daily) and experienced symptoms of toxicity (nausea, vomiting, loss of apetite) From Jan - March I only left the house a total of 10 times due to symptom severity and fatigue.
  
    March '23: joint pain subsides but swelling continues particularly in ankles. Extreme thirst kicks in April: wake up one day to extreme eye swelling and impaired vision. Next morning I awake to worsening of eyes and a hugely bloated stomach, vomiting, nausea, diarrhoea, burping and hiccuping, apetite sustained but can't keep anything down, drinking lots and can't sleep at night. A week of this continues until I return to A&E and they diagnose me with SLE.
  
    The following symptoms upon admission is from memory but I can add more detail or certainty if necessary - this is just to describe the condition I reached in case this points towards future trends or risk. Upon admission I had significant proteinuria, low albumin, had gained close to 10kg in water (normal weight 50-52kg, in hospital I was 60kg, upon discharge I was 46kg - sedentary for months with low apetite and vomiting so some, fat, muscle and bone loss), water in the heart and lungs, ascites, diffuse and localised scalp hair loss and scalp lesions, i couldnt walk properly anymore and was breathless constantly. no lupus rash ever occurred. The kidney biopsy revealed type 4 lupus nephritis, "22 glomeruli with mesangial expansion and increased cellularity, sclerosis, no crescents, no necrotising lesions, but good background and immunostaining awaited". I spent 3 weeks in hospital.
  
    I am half english, half black african descent, 22yr old female, 5ft 3 and 50-52kg with blood pressure towards the lower end consistently, healthy and moderately active lifestyle with no other conditions or familial predispositions known of. I currently take 200mg hydroxychloroquine once daily, 1500mg mycophenolate mofetil twice daily, 5mg prednisolone once daily (was on a taper from 60mg and doctors considering lowering further but at what timescale I do not know). Protein in my urine has improved greatly and blood work looks ideal, only a few times a month will i experience joint issues. I also have a UK Association for Nutrition bachelor degree in nutrition so I feel well equipped to at least manage my diet adequately.
  
    My first question
  
    My hair loss was both diffuse and in specific patches. I shaved my head unpon discharge as the loss was too great. The doctors have only inspected the hair loss once and will inspect again likely in Jan or March (they took photos and will compare). To me it doesnt look like the description of scarring alopecia and certain patches have regrown completely and at a normal growth rate. I believe hair loss is normal now but there are certain patches which are remaining distinctly thinner, but not completely bald. Considering my medication and cause of hair loss are there any things I can do to improve recovery? Whether minoxidil can treat this kind of hair loss is not important to me, rather is it safe to try it with my kindey health and current drug routine? I also use head and shoulders but have just started nizoral to really treat my dandruff.
  
    My second question
  
    My hair was a type 4C afro hair texture, dense scalp coverage and thick, coarse and tightly coiled strands. Now it is variable, between type 2-3 in areas and strands are much thinner and softer. I know this change could be attributed to the drugs I take or lupus itself and more likely a combination of them all. Is mycophenolate or hydroxyquine more potent in terms of hair changes and what is the theoried or recognised mechanism of these drugs or SLE in changes to the hair follicle and strand?
  
    My third question
  
    Are the drugs I take sensitive to light and atmospheric changes as I would like to use a weekly pill box but currently always cut the blister packets up which is timeconsuming. Would they be fine to be opened from the blister pack up to a week before ingesting and kept in the pill box, in contact with each other?
  
    My fourth question
  
    What is the probability surrounding my kidney health? Hard to say for sure I know, Im not looking for certainty, more what scenarios are possible? Can anyone explain the kidney biopsy statement and what lupus nephritis stage 4 is in laymans terms? Is lupus nephritis a transient condition or ever-present once developed and more in a state of control once treated?
  
    My final question
  
    Lupus remission means what? From my understanding autoimmune conditions would require lifelong medication. However wording online suggests a small proportion could cease drug treatment altogether and one of my doctors has talked about the possibility of lowering the immunosuppression to very low levels - how likely would i be a candidate for that? My symptoms seemed very extreme and given the kidney involvement and black african descent I would imagine it would be more likely I wouldnt reach low immunosuppression. I would rather continue drug treatment I just would like some clarity.

Article: Stats:
  


    Age: 32
  


    Height: 180cm
  


    Weight: 75kg
  


    Gender: Male
  


    Smoking: Never
  


    Drinking: Once a week on average
  


    Previous and current medical issues: Had "vasovagal syncopes" in the past, hence the post trying to get more information.
  


    Meds: 7.5 mg escitalopram daily
  


    Location: Brazil
  


    AT MINIMUM your age, approximate height & weight, gender, medications you take, smoking status, previous and current medical issues, duration and location of complaint, and a photo (if it's a skin issue)
  

    Hey docs. I recently got diagnosed with ADHD by my psychiatrist who's been with me over a year. I've been on escitalopram for over 10 years for mild depression and anxiety treatment, and he told me to start treating ADHD with Ritalin or Vyvanse.
  
    Ritalin is fairly cheap here, and Vyvanse is not about 10 times more expensive, it's also hard to come by.
  
    He wrote me a script for 10mg Ritalin.
  


    1st day: I took 5mg for the first time at night (I work from home and for companies abroad, so my timezone fluctuates a lot). I've never felt so calm and concentrated in my life, and, generally good.
  


    2nd day: I took another 5mg and noticed I was *getting* cold. Got a thermometer and my body temperature was in the 35.5ºC. Brushed it off as nothing because it wasn't that low.
  


    3rd day: I took another 5mg and noticed the same effect. Again confirmed by thermometer.
  


    4th day: Decided to up the dose *slightly* and took 7.5mg (3/4 of a tablet). I started getting cold, vision blurred a little bit, confirmed with thermometer in the 35.4ºC's, and felt lightheaded. Lied down so blood could circulate better, and started feeling better immediately. Had to stay lying down for a couple hours as the medication started to wear off, and only then I felt like it would be safe to get up.
  


    I do know Ritalin generally increases heart rate and blood pressure, but in my case it's lowering blood pressure, likely because of chemical vasovagal stimuli.
  
    I want to know if anyone had a similar problem, and would like to chat about it in hopes of getting more information.

Article: Age 27 gender male height 5.9 weight 70kg
  
    Hey everyone,
  
    I'm a 27-year-old guy and my private area has been itching like crazy for the past few years. . I'm not sexually active, so I don't think it's an STD, but I'm starting to get worried.
  
    Any ideas what could be causing it? Or how to make it stop?
  
    Thanks!

Article: Hey doctors of reddit. ER nurse here. This question is pretty straightforward yet I can't find anything in the literature and the providers I work work with seem stumped as well.
  
    I have a tongue crib that was placed when I began my Invisalign treatment last July. I didn't even think to ask my Orthodontist about possible complications in the event of emergent RSI.
  
    I see him again in January for a repeat panoramic scan to assess my progress and I'll definitely ask him then. But I'm not even sure he'd know if it isnt his specialty?
  
    I don't anticipate being tubed outside of trauma, but being an ER nurse, it's obviously something I consider as possible.
  
    Can anyone weigh in on this?

Article: Age - 15 Sex - Afab Height - 150 cm Weight - 36 kg Race - asian Duration of complaint - 3 months Location - west Asia
  
    The highest I measured (with a BP machine, at a hospital, by a professional) was 90/50 and it often goes even lower (l am under 18, I can't get medical help on my own)
  
    My parents don't see this as an issue but everyday l've been feeling worse and worse. Sometimes I feel so weak I can't do the most basic of tasks, there are moments where I can't even stand up
  
    Other symtoms :
  


    fatigue
  


    dizziness
  


    nausea
  


    difficulties breathing

Article: I'm a 29 year old male in Europe. I'm 6'2 and 225 pounds. I do have diabetes type 1 as well, well managed with 'green zone' hba1c.
  
    I've had swollen tonsils for 3 months now. I'm constantly aware of them when swallowing or just feeling them when resting sometimes. I feel like it started about 1 week after I had a cold, but I cant be sure about this.
  
    Went to a doctor for a check up of my tendency to get lots of colds, and asked him to check tonsils at that time. That was about 1 month in when they had almost reached the size they have now. He said they are indeed enlarged but not as large as to indicate something serious. He checked and told me it was not bacterial either, and probably unrelated to my cold tendency.
  
    So what can this be and how do I fix it? I'm super tired of it at this point. I don't have pain when swallowing or any other symptoms of being ill. I cant find any tonsil stones. I had blood work done and have no signs of ongoing infections.

Article: Age 19
  
    Sex M
  
    Height 182cm
  
    Weight 64kg
  
    Long story short I accidentally took 2500mg of paracetamol. I know that shouldn’t be an amount to be concerned about especially being a one time thing, but Ive read before that acetylcysteine is given to patients with paracetamol toxicity so im wondering if taking a certain amount of these tablets would prevent any liver issues, just in case. Or if its not recommended for some reason unknown to me

Article: Hi, I’m not sure if this is something that will go away with time or something I should be worried about so I thought I’d ask. I’m 22f, 63kg and 5ft 6in, not on any other meds, non smoker
  
    On 25 October I got my Implanon implant changed. I had the standard pain for 2-3 days and some bruising that’s barely noticeable now. About a week ago some new pain appeared. It’s between the implant site amd my elbow joint (so not in the area that the implant is at all) and a sharp pain whenever I touch the area or when I straighten my arm. My arm is also kind of swollen and warm to touch in the area, and the muscle is much tougher to touch than the same area on my other arm.
  
    It’s been like this for about a week, with the pain remaining pretty constant, no improvement or worsening of the pain. I would kind of like to not go back to my doctor about it for personal reasons so I’ve been hoping it just goes away.
  
    Thanks for your help!

Article: I’ve gone to doctors before who have told me it’s not worth the risk of having tonsils removed at my age but these tonsil stones drive me nuts and they smell so awful

Article: Hello all,
  
    Past heavy drinker here, now quit for the last 5+ months, had cut down massively for many months before this as well (drinking once a month).
  
    I’ve noticed these little veins on my nose, are they of any concern?
  
    I’ve googled (like an idiot) spider angioma and it’s scaring me the implications of that that would mean.
  
    There’s isn’t a central red ‘spot’ like a lot of the images/descriptions mention but there’s a fair few images that don’t have one either.
  
    Should I be concerned? Is there a way to get rid of them?
  
    Image below:
  
https://ibb.co/9q7VZRC

    I did have bloods done 2 months ago for liver, kidney, total blood count and everything was fine.
  
    Thanks in advice.

Article: 25F had my yearly bloods taken. TSH levels came back 0.3mIU/L. We retested to confirm if they were accurate (first bloods taken a month ago) but with also  T4 and T3. Again TSH 0.3mIU/L but T4 and T3 normal. Also tested for Graves’ disease which was negative. What’s happening?

Article: I (16M) was sleeping and then i woke up in 2:00 AM. And then i felt HUGE pain in my calf. It was so bad I almost screamed. And now in the morning, it's still hurts me. I did nothing, that pain just started from nowhere

Article: I’m 31F, 190lb, 5ft 9. Non smoker, I drink a couple times a week but rarely to excess. Don’t eat a particularly fatty diet, and make sure to eat plenty of fruit/veg/grains/legumes.
  
    I’ve had a pain in my upper abdomen, slightly right of centre for a few days now. It hurts to touch, almost like the pain of poking a bruise. Tends to feel worse when I bend forward or if right waistbands press on it. No pain anywhere else.
  
    I’ve also been having some softer than normal bowel movements, belching, heartburn and a bit of post nasal drip. My stomach is also noisier than normal too.
  
    I am planning to go and see a doctor but wanted to see if anyone had some suggestions.
  
    I’ve googled symptoms and have seen various suggestions of gastritis, GERD, Indigestion, all the way up to some very scary diagnoses.
  
    I will add, in February of this year I had an upper abdominal CT & Ultrasound for a suspected appendicitis, but it was all clear aside from a small liver Hemangioma (cluster of blood vessels) which was scanned by MRI and deemed to be fine and not needing any further action.
  
    Any suggestions would be great.

Article: I’m 16F, i had sex today and after my boyfriend had cummed in me we realized that the condom broke. i took plan B around 5 hours after the incident because it was hard to find a clinic that gave it. my period just ended yesterday and the FLO app said my ovulation is coming in 11 days, please help!! i know i shouldn’t have sex at such a young age but i’ve not seen my bf in a long time and we got carried away

Article: For context, I had a thyroidectomy sometime back in 2016, and I was put on levothyroxine to fulfill the duties of my thyroid. When the doctors were comfortable with the right dosage, I was roughly 240 pounds. Through diet and exercise, I’ve gotten my way down to 180 pounds, and im aware the dosage would be off now. I have neglected getting blood work done since the weight loss for about 2 years. I know I should have done it sooner, but I didnt realize the implications of the weight loss and the dosage until recently. The results are as follows:
  
    TSH uIU/mL : 0.092 (Below Low Normal) T4,free(direct) NG/dL : 1.96 (Above High Normal)
  
    I believe that these results are indicative of hyperthyroidism, but im not sure to what severity. Is it a mild version, or a severe version? Any help would be greatly appreciated

Article: Hi, Can incorrect gait or sitting on the foot for prolonged time weaken the dorsiflexor and the hip flexor on that side?
  
    Some background: 31F, previously active and healthy. Had an infection that messed up with my left side for a while. A lot of sitting at home during, about 3 months. I noticed I sit on my left foot and lean on my left side a lot.
  
    PT found weakness in hip flexors 3 months ago, only left side. Have been working out 3 times a weak to strengthen my musclrs for the last 3 months.
  
    Ortho says I have 4/5 weakneds in dorsiflexor and hip flexor. Can the above cause that?

Article: I’ve had issues with odor and thick clumpy discharge for as long as I can remember, I have absolutely no other symptoms such as burning or itching except when I first remember getting this as a child. I’ve never had health insurance and I haven’t been able to get any, so I cannot even get properly checked or medicated. Throughout the years I’ve made changes such as stopped wearing underwear and changing my diet and using unscented dove soap, which did help but yet still I have this problem. I’ve tried monistat which only cleared for a couple days, even an online rx to get a pill and it did nothing. I’ve tried to try to live with this but I’m tired of being embarrassed about smelling when I’m out, and especially embarrassed that my boyfriend will notice, I refuse to do anything unless I showered right before and try my best to clean inside with water only.
  
    Please, does anyone have any solutions I could try?? And what I could possibly have? I’m 20 years old and I remember having this at least for 9 years now.

Article: 24m I’m really occasional drinker, I went for vacation I had alcohol for three days continuously , on third day I tried brandy for first time I ended up being fully drunk and passed out. On that night I puked heavily, the next day morning I couldn’t eat anything then I puked again full of water. Almost nearing night I got pin point lower abdomen pain like stabbing and bleeding internally like a feel. Following the next day the pain level in particular area increased and it made me heavily dizzy. After 2 days I had armpit straight line Rash which got faded away in three days . My stool started to have black speck greenish yellow tint then it turn brown and dark brown it was changing constantly but for almost 1.5 month I had heavy dizziness. I got very anxious as well also I had pins and needles feeling… and heavy burning sensation in my side of rib area to armpit which appeared two times and gradually gone . Also in that whole trip I didn’t had any good diet following
  
    Now the dizziness gone but when I press on lower left abdomen area pain( pointed pain not all over)  still there following that there are pointed pain in front and side of ribs, upper chest tightness, heartburn, bloated also below chest centre point hurts when pressed. Stool Color changes consistently and sometime black speck … semi solid stool consistency …
  
    The lower left pointed abdominal pain area slightly feels like jelly to be if pressed and touched hard
  
    Took all complete blood work all came normal but liver enzymes for slight high by 10 to 15 (sgpt alt). 20days ago result
  
    Please let me know if you know what it could be. What might have affected

Article: 21, female. meds that i take daily: metformin for my pcos, antihistamine for the itching and sertraline for my anxiety my local doctors office is without apointments, you scan your "medical card" as it is called here, and gets called upon whiever is free at that time. moslty its a nurse, but sometimes youre lucky and its doctor who'll take care of you.
  
    i have been having the most horrendous full body itch for the past five weeks, it started from one day to another with no warning and has gotten worse ever since. i have no apparent rash anywhere, but after week 2 i did start to get some small bumps on my hands that seem to come and go, they sometimes itch REALLY bad and other times its like they arent there.
  
    after the first week of itching i realized it wasnt going to go away on its own, and i went to the doctor so he could have a look at it. i was lucky to get straight to the doctor this time. he was very taken aback since i didnt seem to have a rash or anything, but did have a significant amount of bruising on my left leg where the itching was the worse at the time. he called in another doctor as a second pair of eyes, and they were suspecting that the metmorfine i take could be the root of the issue. he says that i should stop taking those meds for 2 weeks and then come back for control, to see if it had helped. he then also prescribed me some antihistamines to ease off the itching meanwhile.
  
    in week 3 i was unlucky, and when i went to the doctors office, i was taken care of by a nurse, who completely disregarded my itching and didnt seem to want to help me figure out why it was itching and how to stop it, instead she told me to buy some anti scratching cream from the local beauty store, as in her words "some people just itch a bit more than others" i will be honest, i still haven't tried this cream. to me i couldnt make sense of it at all with the insane amount of itching that i had been doing, also since it started out of nowhere. so i waited until i had a day off to go back to the doctors office and then specifically ask for the doctor that i had talked to the first time. i was though approved by the kurse to start taking my metformine again since they clearly werent the culprit.
  
    so week 4 of itching rolls around and i go back to the doctors office and tell him that it not only didnt work, but the itching has also gotten worse. instead of it only itching on my leg, it became both my legs, then my stomach, then my whole back and shoulders. he was scratching his head trying to figure out what the issue could be, i moisturized after every shower, i didnt have any signs of allergies, scabies, eczema or anything in particular that you can 'see'. the bruising at that point though had gone down since the antihistamines had helped me to not scratch myself violently, though it was still itching. he then asked me all sort of questions, but at that point i had changed my sheets, checked the bed for bugs, checked my dog for fleas, checked in with my parents to make sure none of the laundry detergent or anything had changed, my shampoo/conditioner/bodywash are the same that I've used for 3 months, i have washed my clothes, i hadnt eaten anything new, its about the same amount of itching throughout the day, usually being worse right when i wake up and then flares uo again by 6pm and no one else in my family/friend group is itching. just me. so he takes another look at me and decides that its time for me to go get checked by a dermatologist, but before that he wanted to be better safe than sorry and take some bloodwork, and i could hear him halfwhispering to the nurse beside him that he was worried it could be leukemia. so he tells me to come back the day after to get that done. that was this friday, november 10th.
  
    on my bloodwork it shows that i have raised thyrotropin, decreased glucose and decreased hemoglobin. im sorry if this doesnt make sense, i have just quickly translated these from my results.
  
    i have now written to the doctors to hear when i could get a reference to a dermatologist (i have to get a reference to see a specialized doctor in my country, idk if this is different in other countries), but just in these past few days since i got my blood checked, the itching has gotten unbearable. it would be easier to say which parts of my body isnt itching, which are my head/face, toes/bottom of feet and neck. its especially worse on my inner thighs, upper arms, lower/middle back and hips. my legs and arms are bruised up and down, i have wounds everwhere and have sometimes scratched myself to the point where im bleeding, on thin skin areas i have sort of hickey like bruises and i feel like i am completely ruining my skin and i feel disgusting. its interrupting my sleep now as well, where i am waking up in the middle of the night because of the itch, and i am struggling to fall asleep as well. my skin is so ugly now too after all of the scratching, and i just need some advice on how to ease/stop it. i am also going insane by how i have absolutely no clue what has caused this hell, please let me know if you have any idea what this could be.
  
    im sorry in advance if some of this doesn't make sense, the words i didnt know in english i have just quickly google translated. but thanks in advance!

Article: I am a 27 female, with no serious medical problems. I’ve had a sharp pain the right side of my chest (near my shoulder) for over 5 months now, since I had my medical pregnancy termination. At first the doctors thought I had a blood clot in my lungs and I had scans but they ruled it out. They decided it could be muscular and said it would get better itself after a few months. It hasn’t. In fact for the past week I haven’t been able to breathe properly and it’s been getting worse. The pain in my chest is more obvious and now it’s travelled to my neck vein. The doctors said it could be something to do with anxiety but I’m not convinced.

Article: I’ve been having bad sharp pains that come and go in this region I’ve been pretty constipated but I always am. Sometimes I go every two days but USALLY it’s every 3 or so. I’ve never had this pain before and it’s worrying me. I don’t know if it’s from that or not? I’m a 32 year old male. 255 pnds 6ft 2in.  I have high blood pressure that I take lisinopril for. Anyone got anything ideas of what could be causing this?

Article: Bloodwork results: Vitamin B12 at 165 pmol/l (reference given ">220"); My Folic acid is 19.1 nmol/l (reference given "7.0-46.4"); Ferritin is 120.1 µg/l (reference given "30 - 350").Apart from my B12 in which I am clearly deficient, both my Folic acid and Ferritin levels are in the acceptable range. Surprisingly enough, my Iron levels are higher than the reference of "11.0 - 28.0" µmol/l at 31.6 µmol/l because if there was one think I thought I would be deficient in, it would be Iron. I wasn't tested for Vitamin D, but I am taking 40µg Vitamin D3 everyday so I doubt I would be deficient.My hairfall started somewhere in early-mid July 2022, I had just come back from my highschool graduation ceremony and was washing my face when a lot of strands of hair just fell out when I gently brushed my hair. About a week before my first HS exam (21st April 2022) I fell sick for about 3-5 days before I recovered, this could have been COVID but I didn't really get it tested because I didn't want to miss out on any of my upcoming exams, already tested positive for COVID in 2020 and took both vaccination rounds. Adding to that my maternal grandfather also passed away during this week, and while we weren't too close idk if it might've subconsciously affected me because it was the first time I saw my mother literally wailing.
  
    Tl;dr: Could it possibly be the B12 deficiency or the sub optimum folic acid levels that triggered my hairfall?Any help would be appreciated!!!PS- They also had my Thyroid levels tested and I thought I should include them just in case:TSH basal: 1.76 mU/l (0.43 - 4.20)Free T3: 4.2 pmol/l (2.8-6.3)Free T4: 13.4 pmol/l (10.1-17.9)Reverse T3, TPO&TG antibodies were not tested for/ results are not given.

Article: I need to know if I need to go to the hospital or if it's just anxiety and my body telling me what I need to do.
  
    I have smoked marijuana for the past 5 yrs, pretty heavily for 2. Never smoked anything else and don't care to.
  
    The past couple of weeks, I've been having occasional shortness of breath and some mild pains in my chest. I also have had to burp a lot, had some acid reflux as well that I have been taking Omeprazole to try and handle.
  
    I've cut way down on the weed the past weeks, including mixing what I have used with Mullein leaf in the hopes it'll open up my airways more.
  
    This evening, I have felt generally short on air and it's made me really scared, it's always worse when sitting or lying down also. I smoked a little in the evening, and 30-45 mins later is when I began to feel bad, though I generally have a lot of health anxiety so I feel that it is contributing a lot.
  
    I've decided the first thing to do definitely is cut out the smoking completely, which I plan on starting immediately. I don't have health insurance, so I just want someone to tell me that I'm not risking my life by letting this go for a while to see if it improves before I seek help.

Article: As the title says, had recent blood and urine tests and everything is normal however I am having severe increase in urination and lower back pain. Waking up 1-2 times during the night and having sleepless nights. 33m, 6” 330 pounds. A1C was 5 and non fasted glucose was 94. I can show bloods if necessary.

Article: I weigh 280 pounds, 6'1", I take 50 mg of Pristiq daily, I'm a heavy drinker but I dont smoke, male, no know medical issue besides being obese, unsure when it began but I noticed it a couple of hours ago.
  
    A couple of years ago I overdosed on methylphenidate, 800mg of extended released concerta, I remember feeling my heart stop for a couple of seconds and then start and my chest ached for days after, I did go to the ER but they said it was a panic attack and sent me home. Not sure if this is something wrong with my heart or not.
  
    Waiting for my doctor to reply but im not sure if its serious or not. The blueness/paleness starts near the base of the finger and ends right before my nail, it might not show up on camera.
  
    Used a finger oximeter and it was a little low 92%, my heartrate was also quite high which i think is from anxiety, it went up to normal again to 99 or 98 but my fingers were still blue, this was a couple hours ago, I check again a couple minutes ago and my blood oxygen is 99% but fingers are still blue!
  
    I have no other symptoms in my fingers besides sometimes feeling cold, I do have anxiety though.
  
    My brother sees it too. So I know im not crazy
  
https://gyazo.com/00f630aaa722de196a59025548345baf

Article: My mother is around 70 years old now. When she presses her thumb or any finger for that matter on the palm side, it becomes flat and takes some time to rebound to be normal.What is causing this? Thanks.

Article: 40F, 5’6”, 155 lbs, no current meds (waiting to get that figured out), history of cancer and stroke
  
    I had an IV placed on the underside of my wrist (the side where my palm is, where my hand meets my arm) and it was extremely painful. The nurses tried two other spots before they put it there. My arm is bruised. The IV was placed a few days ago. I’m having constant tingling in my hand and arm now. Is there anything I can do for the tingling? Will it go away on its own? I feel silly making an appointment for this.

Article: Hi everyone, I apologize for such a lengthy post but thank you in advance…
  
    27f here - I’ve never had any health issues but several months ago I noticed my voice being a little raspy. My wife thought maybe it’s from smoking THC so I cut back - Then I thought my spot was getting harder to swallow so I started getting nervous but forgot about it.
  
    Several weeks ago I started experiencing heartburn for the first time. Got bloodwork and everything was decent except iron deficient anemia. Then I started getting bouts of nausea from my stomach and indigestion and heartburn, as well as random stomach pain on the left upper diagonal from bellybutton.
  
    Yesterday (11/12) I went to urgent care because I had been vomiting and in majorrrrr pain from a burning sensation in my stomach and chest. I asked for a CT but doctor said it was probably just GERD with norovirus and to follow up with regular doctor. They did bloodwork and my hemoglobin was back up to normal (I’m on iron supplements from previous results) I have an appointment at 5 today and will ask for an endoscopy because I’m terrified.
  
    Food is starting to kind of get stuck I think? (A piece of meat and then a sandwich, and then spicy broth). The thing that is scaring me is I’m scared I have esophageal cancer. I know it’s rare, but I have the symptoms above (chest burning, indigestion, heartburn, pain), iron deficient anemia, and the scariest part…  2 years ago I was 166 pounds, then in January of this year I was 157 but yesterday I was 144 (isn’t that unexplained weight loss?! My wife says it’s not since it’s two years, but I’ve not changed anything)- I’m now worried maybe I’m having loss of appetite too because I don’t  have a desire lately. I keep coming back to 166 to 144 in two years.
  
    Can anyone provide anything? I’m sorry but I’m so scared. I can only focus on cancer. I see everything saying it’s rare and even rarer for my age group, but then I found Reddit and found people my age and younger dying from just that thinking it was originally gerd.
  
    Thank you I’m so sorry, please be nice

Article: Male. My urethra itches after I ejaculate. Tested negative for pretty much everything. I’m thinking it has to do with my prostate considering it only itches after ejaculation? Been on a bunch of antibiotics. What y’all think?

