Content from <div class='mb-sm mb-xs px-md xs:px-0'>: I'm working with chronic pain patients in a therapeutic context -- many are very insistent on having EDS, ME, POTS, Mast Cell Activation, Lyme, Fibro, etc. I'm part of a wider management service for people who struggle with chronic pain and fatigue. Long Covid has been a new concern as well.Many patients seem to be very intensely part of disability communities that use really strong language, like gaslighting, when I approach their pain in any way that is not strictly validating that A) A medical condition that is PHYSICAL is causing it not mental and B) Therapeutic interventions are useless. There seems to be an unhealthily online hivemind that encourages each other, and it seems to be a really negative feedback loop. They are often well-educated and have a lot to say about the medical industry's history of dismissing women's physical problems as psychological, how this is condescending and gaslighting. It's very ideologically driven and these patients have poorer outcomes in my experience. Have you experienced this demographic? How have you dealt with it?at what point is it almost delusional? I once had somatic disorder that felt very PHYSICAL but was fixed with antidepressants and therapy, but I was also much more open to not wanting to join the cult-like online groups and treatment as I received help in an inpatient psychiatric setting.Read more
Content from <h1 id='post-title-t3_tfn5mr'>: How do you deal with chronic pain patients who, when given pain management options beyond medication, accuse you of gaslighting?
Content: I'm working with chronic pain patients in a therapeutic context -- many are very insistent on having EDS, ME, POTS, Mast Cell Activation, Lyme, Fibro, etc. I'm part of a wider management service for people who struggle with chronic pain and fatigue. Long Covid has been a new concern as well.Many patients seem to be very intensely part of disability communities that use really strong language, like gaslighting, when I approach their pain in any way that is not strictly validating that A) A medical condition that is PHYSICAL is causing it not mental and B) Therapeutic interventions are useless. There seems to be an unhealthily online hivemind that encourages each other, and it seems to be a really negative feedback loop. They are often well-educated and have a lot to say about the medical industry's history of dismissing women's physical problems as psychological, how this is condescending and gaslighting. It's very ideologically driven and these patients have poorer outcomes in my experience. Have you experienced this demographic? How have you dealt with it?at what point is it almost delusional? I once had somatic disorder that felt very PHYSICAL but was fixed with antidepressants and therapy, but I was also much more open to not wanting to join the cult-like online groups and treatment as I received help in an inpatient psychiatric setting.Read more
Title: How do you deal with chronic pain patients who, when given pain management options beyond medication, accuse you of gaslighting?
