Title: Weekly Discussion/General Questions Thread - November 13, 2023
Title: They asked me if I was allergic to latex, I said yes, and the nurse put in a latex catheter.
Title: Mystery illness is killing me. I have zero quality of life. Any insight would be appreciated.
Title: Should I report my doctor?
Title: Consistently coughing up chunky mucus, should I be concerned?
Title: Do I need to push for further tests
Title: Can anyone tell me what this is on my toddler?
Title: Abnormal MRI
Title: What type of stitches are usually used for scalp injuries?
Title: Umm what does this all mean? Doctor calling like it's serious lol
Title: Really annoying symptom that is hard to describe
Title: Down 6 pounds in 3 days?
Title: Managing athletes foot and fungal nails
Title: Post-circumcision advice
Title: 4yr old- need perspective/objectivity
Title: Causes for Sharting
Title: Sore Chest
Title: My mom has been having immense headaches
Title: Should I be concerned- Pregnant
Title: New antidepressant causing some possible side effects?
Title: Feeling dehydrated(??) but not thirsty at all, also not showing any physical signs of it.
Title: Multiple Simultaneous Throat Issues
Title: Is it dried blood?
Title: Super anxious
Title: Stabbing pain in my chest while sleeping?
Title: 32M Why was I not prescribed HRT in spite of (severe) symptoms?
Title: Is misoprostol not advised for easing IUD insertion? Why? (45f)
Title: Black circles in vision with head movement?
Title: What is wrong with my tonsils?
Title: How to speak to an aggressive doctor?
Title: My asthma pump makes me feel like I’m on drugs
Title: Elevated Bilirubin levels
Title: What is normal tip to tail digestive transit time?
Title: Hip/Leg infection? Emergency or no?
Title: Both hands numb for a month now
Title: Liver Issues
Title: Daily vomiting plz help (23F)
Title: Can I take 0.25mgs of clonazepam daily while pregnant?
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: [21M, 169/170 cm, ~67 kg] I woke up and couldn't feel my arm. I regained sensitivity after moving it around a couple times. Is this concerning?
Title: Hearing issue - sounds like an equalizer changing settings - 35M
Title: Why is my left side getting bigger?
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: Liver ALT/AST 111/43, ex NAFLD = probable mild long covid
Title: Wrapped ankle with ace bandage too tight and woke up with a swollen foot & wont go down
Title: F 23, got pierced by dusty metal a few days back, muscles achy, family telling me overreacting, what do I do?
Title: Abnormal pap and hpv +, anyone know the best next steps to preserve fertility?
Title: Lung Cancer??? 19M
Title: Ferritin levels went up to 677 in four months. ALT high.
Title: Ongoing, progressive breathlessness
Title: daily creatine usage
Title: Can insulin resistance stop abruptly?
Title: help
Title: Is it possible to develop pinching pain in the right lower abdomen due to long hours sitting, clenching abdominal muscles and using mouse?
Title: does this migration of pain make sense/have any clinical relevance?
Title: How would I know if I had candida overgrowth in my gut?
Title: Had chicken pox twice as a child, am I immune?
Title: Can major diet change affect my period?
Title: Elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have hpylori
Title: Is smelling bengay muscle cream bad?
Title: Should I (26F) go straight to a specialist for recent anemia test?
Title: Midnight vomiting and hives? 33F
Title: feral cat puncture wound
Title: Adhd medication out of state
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: How bad is my low blood pressure, help appreciated.
Title: 9 second night time symptomless ventricular pauses in young man
Title: Broken wrist, pain after 2 and half years 17m
Title: Continuous lead contact
Title: Pain in kidney area
Title: 27F Is it bad news if they need to see you within 2 weeks after biopsy results?
Title: Terbinafine temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
Title: Skin rash over a year later
Title: should I question this further - Brain MRI results
Title: Big blood circulation problem! Please help!
Title: help, back head pressure and clogged sinuses
Title: Breathplay from 6 months ago still haunts me to this day
Title: Do I have anemia? 45m
Title: Interesting lymph node problem
Title: Sudden Swelling Of Forehead Only
Title: Big toe joint pain - should I flex the toe or leave it be for a while?
Title: Blood shot eyes and exhausting
Title: could i be pregnant?
Title: Olanzapine struggles
Title: Stabbing pain in dominant hand over a week after possible injury
Title: Low Blood Osmolality
Title: Causes of transient proteinuria?
Title: What could this be (lung issues)
Title: What degree of exposure to varnish would it take to cause serious harm
Title: DVT and heart rate
Title: What should I do about my LPR?
Title: Had an IV line put in and now my forearms look like Popeye the Sailor Man's
Title: Years of ankle/foot pain.
Title: Rash after castor oil?
Title: Cold Medicine for child on adhd meds
Title: Getting a Blood Test a Week After Vaccinations for Flu and COVID
Title: Follow up - Possible cardio changes
Title: Antibiotics for UTI during pregnancy
Title: I fell and hit my head and lost consciousness, now I’m having some problems. Should I see a doctor?
Title: [38M] Possible Basal Cell Carcinoma?
Title: Specialist said lump is nothing
Title: Estradiol lab work
Title: Help. Something is killing me slowly and I have no idea what it is.
Title: Explosive sneezing in 7 year old
Title: Random, isolated vomiting
Title: Can glycine supplements increase cancer risk?
Title: Gunk around ear tube
Title: Weird Post Prandial Symptoms, HELP
Title: Can CT differentiate between tb and cancer?
Title: “Fungal” rash on daughters face is spreading after using antifungal cream
Title: Long term blocked sinuses & headaches
Title: My TSH doubled, should I worry?
Title: ache around my right rib
Title: 36M is it a coincidence that two former neighbors died of brain tumors?
Title: Prednisone?
Title: Broken tailbone? Do I go to urgent care?
Title: Cause for concern?
Title: I am feeling so sick rightnow
Title: Left chest dull ache
Title: What’s my knee pain
Title: Muscle strain causing breathing problems
Title: i cannot stand daylight
Title: I get this weird red splotchy-ness after I shower
Title: CT TAP SCAN RESULTS
Title: Resistant headlice, bedbugs, scabies, Demodex? WTF do i have? PLEASE HELP!!!
Title: How is she still alive?
Title: I (19f) got the HPV vaccine on my period. Now my period is late.
Title: Question about positive SMA
Title: How to treat hand pain at home
Title: what are these on my arm?
Title: What else can I do to help lessen the body pain of my diabetic father?
Title: is this normal?
Title: How long does immunity from the chickenpox vaccine last?
Title: Symptoms of a cold weekly
Title: Knee joints feel like they're burning
Title: Exercise causes unbearable itching
Title: Cockroaches. Oh my god.
Title: Lump from IM shot
Title: Injured thumb, I'm a little worried that my doctor has missed something.
Title: Please help me understand my urine test results
Title: Sudden vision narrowing in & dizziness behind the wheel! What happened to me?
Title: My liver function test came back abnormal, can someone interpret how bad it is?
Title: Pain in abdomen
Title: Was this ER provider inappropriately biased or am I misinterpreting everything? I am concerned phrasing in her notes may affect my future care.
Title: Wrong spirometry results?
Title: Need Advice Please help!
Title: Apparently popping my hip out on command isn’t normal?
Title: Bumpy Rash
Title: Can I split 10mg proplanolol in half to make 15mg total dose? 30F, 52kg, 173cm, white, not on any medications
Title: Palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot when going to sleep
Title: Brain bleed worries/question
Title: Masterbating and face acne
Title: Does kratom affect sedation
Title: F30 , Really need help trying to figure out what’s wrong with my back so I can convince my doc to order imaging as he won’t. Please help
Title: 2 Month of Positive for RSV
Title: Frequent Peeing
Title: Head MRA looks weird. ANGIOGRAPHY
Title: What’s wrong with my immune system?
Title: Yellowish skin
Title: Why does is my face and neck so many shades darker than body.
Title: Vomiting clear fluid
Title: High neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio
Title: Possible allergic reaction to surgical adhesive.
Title: F 4yo Indian 15/16 kg last seizure in 2021
Title: I'm 24M and have a fluctuated 3.5 - 4.7 TSH and 28 ESR (<15 optimal); doctors arent concerned?
Title: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
Title: Did my aneurysm fix my asthma?
Title: Pouring sweat, exhausted and ER gave few answers
Title: Was my ankle brachial index (ABI) test result calculated up properly?
Title: Hamstring injury
Title: Help with PAP test
Title: How long should I fast before surgery
Title: Got my blood glucose level tested. It was a 109. Should I be worried?
Title: Knee Pain
Title: Strange reaction after epidural corticosteroid injection
Title: Multiple Surgeries
Title: Difficulty falling asleep
Title: 22M, Outdoor/Stray cat lightly bit me while trying to pet it ? Should I tell my doc ?
Title: Face flushes in the evening, sometimes with fatigue
Title: Surgery in am - nauseous- can I take zofran?
Title: Scratch like marks in skin
Title: Hair Fall due to hard water!!!
Title: Hospital?
Title: Can't figure out what illness I have. Need some ideas!
Title: Am i okay? 17M
Title: Strange nodule in back of mouth
Title: Black Vomit after Drinking
Title: Could swallowing a button battery go unnoticed?
Title: Intense shaking, cold and numbness on right side of my body
Title: Pain in elbow when doing tricep push downs or skullcrushers
Title: Can I take two pain pills or another half?
Title: I (25M) have had a persistent rash for about 4 months and now there's a lump in my armpit
Title: 26M- how do I prevent acid reflux at night?
Title: [35][M] All nails and body hairs on torso/pelvic/legs regions become ingrown?
Title: Losing muscle, fat redistribution, increased flank fat, while on TRT. Losing my mind. Please help
Title: Mother has abnormalities in left lung we aren’t sure what is
Title: Should I go to another ER or just wait it out?
Title: An unbearable throat pain, with some endless coughing and bad breathing. Sore throat, heavy breathing. What could it be?
Title: Cellulite in men
Title: Spouse saw my head vibrating hard while asleep, stopped upon awakening, body became stiff for a few seconds
Title: is it possible to have a potentially serious illness while feeling perfectly fine?
Title: M81 5'9" thin stroke symptoms but nothing showing on MRI
Title: Mysterious rash appeared under chin this morning
Title: Skin tag looking growth on my child’s upper gum
Title: Possible frontal bone fracture
Title: What over the counter medicine can I take for mono?
Title: Is a rash after a cold normal?
Title: I hurt my ear
Title: Becoming a doctor with a mental health diagnosis
Title: Should I send a complaint about a misdiagnosis?
Title: Chances of colon cancer 2 years after clear colonoscopy? 63M with stomach problems and iron-defiency anemia
Title: High BP and random sharp abdomen pains in a young male
Title: Kidney Infection... does anyone have any advice?
Title: I’m afraid I did some damage to my ear and trying not to panic
Title: What is this itchy bit on my scalp?
Title: 27m is this spot on my hand worrying
Title: Sudden pain in side, urinary discomfort for a few days
Title: Help reading Bone Scan
Title: Heart rate dropping to 30-50 around noon everyday
Title: Growth on pinky finger
Title: Low WBC
Title: Amoxicillin side effects?
Title: Confused
Title: No period and low FSH levels?
Title: painful hard bump on back of neck
Title: Ear pain, lumps on collarbone. Doctor found immature red blood cells.
Title: Strep throat reinfection
Title: What could this be? 34F
Title: Does this sound like a virus or pneumonia in my 7 yo?
Title: 21M Seeking answers
Title: Is this a worrying response after a CT scan?
Title: Antibiotics
Title: Pediatric hematology - 2 year old with Down syndrome
Title: Is There Long Term Side Effects From Ambien?
Title: Question: Ankle MRI
Title: What’s wrong with me? 22F
Title: Hoping for Answers
Title: Am I Defecting Intestinal Lining?
Title: Can I give myself the Abrysvo vaccine? How?
Title: 27M. My feet has looked like this or worse ever since I learned to walk. Sometimes as a kid, it used to get so bad, covered in pus even, and I couldn't walk for a week. After seeing several tens of doctors, practising all kinds of medicine, I have accepted that it won't go away. More >>
Title: 33 male urethra damage please help!
Title: what should i do about the soda in me
Title: Consistently low blood sugar
Title: Eye Irritated - What is it?
Title: EPL Tendon sticking out 22M
Title: Whats wrong with me
Title: Medication question.
Title: Got checked by my last derma doc .. diagnos seborrheic keratosis
Title: Need help with Colonoscopy
Title: Could this be temporal arteritis?!
Title: 37M - 14 Months continued symptoms
Title: Rash after standing by fire
Title: Why Do Psychiatrists Always Slowly Titrate Up With Antipsychotics?
Title: Can Zio patch and KardiaMobile interfere with each other?
Title: What could be the cause of microcytic hypochromic regenerative anemia with low ferritin?
Title: Pregnant with low ferritin, normal iron - what do I do?
Title: Right shoulder pain more than a week after laparoscopic cholecystectomy
Title: I fractured my medial malleolus playing soccer, can I still hit leg extensions while I heal? 15M
Title: Chondromalacia Questions
Title: How do I Keep an Injury Under my Toenail From Getting Infected?
Title: Open wound burn with no blister, how do I treat it? [26][Female]
Title: Taking IR Keppra once a day instead of twice?
Title: Possible long qt syndrome
Title: Is this something bad?
Title: Should I worry about skin tag like thing in throat
Title: Would someone be willing to look at my echo findings and let me know if this is pretty normal or I should be concerned? I’m anxious and they came after my doctor’s office closed for the day. Thank you!
Title: I am suffering from recurring facial eczema/dermatitis
Title: Myeloproliferative neoplasms and fever
Title: Circumcision
Title: I 22F have a brain bleed. Can someone please explain my results in more detail?
Title: My knee keeps getting “stuck”
Title: What is wrong with me?
Title: PPCM 35F 6 months postpartum
Title: Wierd tingly sensation in fingers and hands after working out in the cold....
Title: weird heart thing
Title: Urinary Issues in 21 y/o
Title: Smelly odor, doctor does not want to help.
Title: Should I seek second opinion (podiatry) after MRI results (link to results attached)?
Title: On one of my feet my skin is peeling pretty badly. Mostly around the toe area. The other foot is fine. I've changed all my shoes and boots and it's not helping.
Title: 11 year old - weird frequent water vomit.
Title: Went to urgent care feel worse
Title: Pituitary Gland MRI with Contrast - What is that ?
Title: submandibular glands swollen for years
Title: When taking a manual blood pressure after physical exertion, sometimes I can hear my pulse all the way to the top--but I'm certain my blood pressure isn't 300/80. What causes this?
Title: Strep with mouth sores?
Title: Did I have a Bi Salpingectomy or a Tubal Ligation done?
Title: What should I do for shoulder and neck pain
Title: Should I file a complaint against a dr I attempted to see?
Title: I keep feeling like I'm going to lose consciousness
Title: Could this be a blood clot?
Title: Chalazion? Or...
Title: Long term effects of a ganglion cyst. Should I get it removed ?
Title: Black Vomit
Title: Cloudy, Sweet smelling urine?
Title: Blood in mucus following TBI
Title: Am I a lost cause?
Title: Can a colonoscopy miss IBD?
Title: How long after a miscarriage until you shouldn’t be having symptoms?
Title: Eptopic pregnancy help
Title: Motorcycle Accident: Skinned my foot!
Title: peeing blood and blood clots
Title: Low heart rate while sleeping
Title: Tiny dots on son’s face
Title: Every specialist I’ve seen is stumped
Title: 37f Multiple mild distended small bowel loops possible bowel obstruction
Title: Should I get re-tested?
Title: 16 year old soccer player - feels like i have the flu int my legs!!
Title: Varicose veins 24F?
Title: Baby temp drops at night
Title: What would cause pain in the blue area to the touch with an emphasis on the pink area?
Title: (27F) Jaw sore after gastroscopy
Title: I lost 10 pounds in a matter of a week am I fine
Title: Is this something to speak to a neurologist about or a therapist? (F25)
Title: Should I go to the ER for this Migraine?
Title: Should I be concerned?
Title: Is it normal for your head/shoulders to jerk randomly?
Title: Tested postive for Serratia Marcescens on a nasal swab
Title: Grinding my teeth causing nose pain?
Title: I have an urgent bowel movement almost daily
Title: Why don’t medications work on me?
Title: 23M with a variety of concerning symptoms, help appreciated
Title: (21F) Extreme pain after MenB vaccine is this normal?
Title: Potential autoimmune, hormone, or blood sugar issue - searching for answers
Title: High platelet count?
Title: 21m with cancer concerns
Title: Pelvic ultrasound shows lesion - how worried should I be?
Title: Extreme Fatigue and Lack of Appetite
Title: Swollen lymph nodes
Title: [25F] Concerned about a year of chronic head pain gradually worsening and getting weirder
Title: (AFAB 21) popped a bump in between my leg and private area
Title: Chronic neck pain and CT completed, please explain what this report states in laymen terms
Title: Is this a nickel allergy rash?
Title: Low globulin levels?
Title: Can a doctor file a DNR without family signing it?
Title: Sensitive rash/bruise on nose between eyes after being sick for two weeks?
Title: What do you recommend?
Title: Please help me interpret my CT scan and solve my medical mystery
Title: Male 31 with chronic back pain
Title: Was told MRI showed migraines but I don’t get migraines. What else could it be?
Title: 23f hip hurts right on top the joint and hurts if I push on it, walk up hills, stairs or sit cross legged.
Title: Drug interactions with sleep apnea
Title: Fainting after blood test
Title: Serratia marcescenes type A
Title: Muscle Cramps
Title: Big blood circulation problem need help!
Title: Recently started vaping and can see the Epiglottis at the back of my throat and it looks like Blood
Title: Accidentally left on some ECG test pads during a chest XRay
Title: Sudden mouth dryness following sinus pressure/eye discomfort
Title: High IgG in young children
Title: 28f Rapid heart rate day after vaccine
Title: 32f, Is it normal for a puls to drop from 130 to 70 back to 149 within 1 minute just by standing up?
Title: Is this a wart?
Title: What is this scab on my dads ankle?
Title: How close was I to dying?
Title: Are my medications safe during pregnancy?
Title: Low PI index on Oximeter
Title: Will antifungals affect a trichomoniasis test?
Title: HELP PLEASE ! My lower back is hurt
Title: I started having migraines with aura about two years ago. Should I be worried?
Title: Chronic elevated liver enzymes but no apparent cause?
Title: Bizarre brain feeling 16M
Title: 40mg Prozac + 60mg Buspar = Serotonin Syndrome?
Title: Regular cold or Sepsis?
Title: Need help with vertigo / anxiety. (24F)
Title: F/33 with Endometriosis I have questions about cyclical symptoms
Title: Will switching from Escitalopram to Sertraline help my low mood?
Title: WBC of 3.2- Please help
Title: Male, 45, 6'1, 125. Are these symptoms of a possible stroke?
Title: Constantly sweating
Title: Need an opinion on this organization that is selling supplements to my ill mother.
Title: Dog bite issues to look out for
Title: chronic fatigue 1 month post-op robotic cholecystectomy, is this normal?
Title: 13 year old male
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have a blood clot?
Title: PM pills vs Benzodiazepines & Ambien
Title: My body, idk what is going on
Title: High Iron Levels
Title: 31M - Stopped Zoloft 250mg cold turkey 2 months ago... ongoing Nausea, vomiting, Chills, sweating, lost 30lbs.
Title: Why can’t I get high?
Title: Do I have kidney disease?
Title: Numbness in hand
Title: I Inhaled some window cleaner F13
Title: Tripcep exercises with elbow bone spurs
Title: Herminated disc
Title: Common cold or something else.
Title: Feels like UTI isn't going away even with 2 antibiotics
Title: Splinter hemorrhage
Title: Please explain CT results
Title: Back pain and X-ray.. shows mild degenerative, mostly in L5S1
Title: Sleepiness, heartburn after workout
Title: Deadly allergic to snails but sudden snail outbreak in aquarium
Title: Mother (60F) feels bugs that aren't there
Title: Doesn't reducing a fever defeat the purpose.
Title: Does cellulite reduce rate of fat loss?
Title: Multiple lymph nodes swollen
Title: Elevated CRP and ESR Levels in Recent Blood Tests - Seeking Medical Opinions
Title: Proctalgia Fugax
Title: Why do i have an overactive bladder after injury a decade or a year ago
Title: Hello! F30 Paronychia developed around my finger and it was painful and there was abscess. Doct. prescribed antibiotics and I'm on the day 5. The problem is that he didn't want to drain it because he found abscess so small . After 5 days of using antibiotics, abscess is still there.
Title: Mri Results (shoulder labrum tear)
Title: Am I just a medical mystery? What am I missing? Someone please help me connect the dots.
Title: What test results should I (28F) ask for insight to from a man I've recently started getting to know whose a Hep B carrier?
Title: Still seeing stars 1 year after hitting my head.
Title: Armpit hair is suddenly patchy?
Title: Medial bucket handle meniscus tear
Title: How to report possibly inaccurate patient report
Title: Pain in throat, not a sore throat
Title: MRI of Cervical spine. Thoughts. I have 3 different treatment/ diagnosis. Confused.
Title: Diagnosed MVP with symptoms but doctor says it's not from it?
Title: Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension in Teen
Title: Seeking advice with mild chest pain and discomfort a while
Title: Left leg pain
Title: Tightness in the neck area, occasional throbbing, mild stabbing pain around the throat, and sensation of swelling on both sides of the neck
Title: (31 M) I have 24/7 microspasms and multiple daily muscle cramps. Should I be more worried?
Title: [21M, 6’ 00”, 186 lbs, no medicines, do vape, no previous medical issue, pregnancy anxiety, 5 days, my head] Effectiveness of the bc pill having missed first day of new pack?
Title: Expirencing short sharp pain in lower abdomen recently?
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: Worried this is colon cancer
Title: Slowly worsening, one-sided, temple, tonsil, and eye issues for 3 years.
Title: Corners of jaw painful to the touch?
Title: Syrinx Found on MRI. Next steps?
Title: Hand tremors
Title: Possible poisoning?
Title: Feel pain like gallstones but don’t have a gallbladder
Title: Sesamoid Stress Fracture? - College Athlete
Title: Palpitations - Question regarding one of the most common symptoms
Title: Do i actually have subclinical hypothyroid?
Title: Testing for IBd
Title: Sinus/Allergy Issues
Title: Cervix TVUS
Title: Is it normal to suddenly develop motion sickness out of nowhere?
Title: Wierd Gastro/Cardio Relation After Bad High - 43M, 5'9", 220 lbs
Title: i’ve been experiencing something really strange and need a doctors info please!
Title: CT scan results after dvt
Title: Muscle twitches and arm pain, in the ALS anxiety rabbit hole. Any input?
Title: Burn on hand
Title: Blood work help
Title: Lab result question
Title: Skin Rash
Title: Pediatric Second Opinion or referral for Hematologist? 2 year old testing for Thalassemia/anemia. Please share guidance 🙏🏼
Title: Lymph node du to pimple
Title: 21m with colon cancer concerns
Title: Can I use headphones following ear tube surgery?
Title: 21M Small bump on armpit, help?
Title: New labs, tons of symptoms
Title: 21F I'm losing control of my bladder and bowels, and chronic pain and fatigue are making my life miserable.
Title: Do you know if someone goes for a second opinion??
Title: Make UTI or something else?
Title: Blew my nose and this weird red clump came out?
Title: Eye twitches whenever I touch it
Title: Woke up with Eye Redness
Title: how have i gained 2 pounds in the past week?
Title: My second/revision septoplasty was not “successful”. Do I have any other options?
Title: Average BP has dropped 30
Title: Penile White Bumps
Title: 24M Stomach pain for 10 days
Title: “Migrating” wound/sore in between lip and gum?
Title: Myxomatous Mitral Valve
Title: I have never been diagnosed am I fine?
Title: My wife has a blood clot and very low iron, even after 4 iron infusions it’s the same and the hematologist doesn’t have a cause figured out. And a mystery leg rash for 3 months.
Title: What does this mean when being given a CT scan? Please help.
Title: Pimple/boil
Title: Can ekg Miss Heart attack?
Title: Fungus, Melanoma, or Hematoma?
Title: elbow pain in right arm
Title: 62 yr female doctor dismisses me and causes extreme anxiety by preventing me to advocate for my health
Title: What GI condition is this?
Title: 62 y female doctor refused to order more scans to get a diagnosis
Title: My grandmother (80F) is having symptoms of something her doctor can’t figure out. She’s been passed along to several specialists.
Title: Help me please
Title: [US] [20F] Chest tightness/pain after taking hydroxyzine two days ago.
Title: Lymph Nodes
Title: 26M Tattooing over keloid scar
Title: Question for problem in female parts
Title: [F24] Please help read this
Title: I've had two potential seizures in my life, I don't know how to handle the anxiety
Title: Mystery Problem
Title: I can't breathe/ pft results
Title: Foot pain. Does this sound like rheumatoid arthritis? Family history and lowkey freaking out it's now happening to me
Title: Irregular Menstrual Cycles Postpartum
Title: Should i get a post thorax vest ?
Title: I want to have a kitten but allergies.
Title: Do I have ADHD/Should I consult a professional?
Title: Covid and babies
Title: Do Dr.'s tend to dislike pt's using correct anatomical descriptions? 59M 100kg
Title: 31 m tension headaches for about a week, possible sleep apnea?
Title: When to continue running after Shin Splints?
Title: What is this rash?
Title: Can someone interpret these brain MRI results?
Title: Constant debilitating stomach pain for a week. Tests show nothing wrong…
Title: Hyperaware of heartbeat is leading to lack of sleep + increased anxiety
Title: Super tired legs
Title: 68F Gangrene?
Title: 9 Months of Shoulder Pain
Title: Are these effects from too much caffeine? Or something else?
Title: struggling with excessive daytime sleepiness that is not being taken seriously. i’d appreciate some input.
Title: Alcohol Withdrawal
Title: Darkened, textured skin under chin growing hair
Title: Afebrile despite ANY illness
Title: Miralax and how frequently should I defecate
Title: Please help me figure out what’s causing my symptoms
Title: Male UTI/kidney stones or something else?
Title: Abnormal Results = Normal Test?
Title: Prolonged postpartum bleeding, fatigue and high platelets
Title: Sharp pain in my right abdomen just below my ribs
Title: Does this look like hip dysplasia? (X-ray)
Title: How do i know if chest pain is REALLY serious
Title: Recurring scleritis, but no autoimmune disease
Title: Is it weird that I have to straighten up to burp?
Title: What is wrong with my shoulder
Title: severe menstrual bleeding on anti coagulant.
Title: 22M Chest pains that get worse during the colder months
Title: Reoccurring back pain
Title: MRI results interpretation.
Title: should i have gone to the er?
Title: On and off chest pains for 1 year what can I do? I’m so stressed and sad all the time I can’t cope Old ecg below
Title: Healthy child multiple spider nevi
Title: I developed a itchy rash from a cast following surgery for a broken elbow. It’s progressively gotten worse, is it infected? Pics included
Title: Fractured finger recovery - am I being poorly advised by my doctor?
Title: Lymph nodes sono results
Title: Rashes that come and go since giving birth
Title: Can anxiety cause my skin to burn and blister?
Title: What is causing my body’s Autoimmune response?
Title: Pap: what does endometrial type cells present and acute inflammation mean?
Title: My doctors are making me concerned about my liver
Title: Is it okay for an er doc to refuse to give me a troponin test?
Title: Any Dermatologist here?
Title: Any urologist out there? Could this be prostatitis?
Title: Advice on Weight Fluxuations for a Remote Working Male
Title: Help me solve the mystery of my health problems. (Full detailed health history)
Title: Drug use
Title: I just found out I’m pregnant, but I’ve been taking lithium this whole time.
Title: Help!
Title: Intermittent ache around knee
Title: White/colourless raised bumps in nose bridge
Title: Mild chest pain on pressing
Title: Fingerstick blood sampling to diagnose diabetes in toddlers?
Title: should i be concerned about these bumps???
Title: 31F 4,10 125 W Csection incision 3 months postop No smoking or drinking Is this bleeding normal, picture in comments
Title: Baby girl with new rash
Title: Strange bruising after blood tests
Title: My GERD orLPR is strictly associated with respiratory infections, unless left untreated
Title: Back Pain in "Bum"
Title: Wierd feeling around left ribcage / lung
Title: General fatigue
Title: F26 - (Ontario, Canada) ADHD and extreme hoarding. When are doctors allowed to break doctor-patient confidentiality in terms of public health risks?
Title: 3.5 Years of on/off excruciating pain and still no diagnosis... Looking for your creative ideas to identify the cause!
Title: EEG Results
Title: Why is my surgeon making me wait 7 weeks for surgery?
Title: What muscle am I squeezing?
Title: Worried about my dad’s (61M) health. He’s a lung cancer survivor & he’s been experiencing speech problems, mobility issues, coordination problems, etc.
Title: Low dose asprin for IUGR, without any other risk factors
Title: Hard lump at base of skull. Never noticed before.
Title: Sleep disorder?
Title: Do I really need additional imaging?
Title: Anxiety meds are giving me nausea
Title: Got a little electric shock and still feeling tingles hours later 20M
Title: I 35M have a question
Title: Do I need to be worried about this?
Title: Right side flank pain for the past year
Title: Can smoking weed affect MRA scan results?
Title: Positive ANA test, few symptoms - how worried should I be?
Title: I need some serious help please!
Title: Could I get stoned from a tincture?
Title: Is this the start of ringworm?
Title: Please help 20AFAB
Title: 486 Platelet Count
Title: Unknown cause of short vertigo attacks
Title: My arm has been numb for almost 3 months
Title: Is it a UTI or something else?
Title: 33year old, F, blue threads in mucus?!!
Title: Blood test explained, please?
Title: Will HRCT tell if I have lung cancer?
Title: [33M] I have had all symptoms of LCL tear (outside of the left knee). Can I still walk and stroll around?
Title: Excessive yawning, long after initial withdrawal phase of getting clean off heroin
Title: Should I (23F) go to urgent care twice for the same issue?
Title: 16f pregnancy scare
Title: Could this get my son dismissed as a patient?
Title: Chest soreness? Is this heart disease?
Title: What to do if I can't feel the want to eat, and all food looks meh?
Title: Extremely high B12 levels, I do not take b12 supplements so I am very worried. Please help
Title: Is it possible my daughter (8yoF) had allergic reaction to hickory wood pellets?
Title: Constricted pupil after blunt trauma
Title: Missed 2 days of antibiotics, should l continue as prescribed?
Title: Why would consultant request brain and spine MRI but not leg, for an issue with leg pain?
Title: Yep. Another “Terry’s Nails” Post. But maybe different?
Title: Leg Pain
Title: Normal Abeta42/40 but low levels of abeta42 and abeta 40....?
Title: Lupus (SLE) questions: hair, kidneys and drugs
Title: 7.5mg escitalopram + 7.5mg ritalin gave me low blood pressure
Title: 27M with itchy private area
Title: ER docs or Anesthesiologists - question about dental appliance in setting of intubation
Title: Is 90/50 BP dangerous?
Title: Swollen tonsils, no stones, not bacterial
Title: Would fluimucil (otc effervescent NAC tablets sold for respiratory reasons) at a larger dose be effective as paracetamol overdose treatment? Title
Title: Pain in contraceptive implant site
Title: Is there anything I can do about tonsil stones? A remedy or medicine or something?
Title: 32M, past heavy drinker, concerned about veins on nose
Title: Help understand my TSH levels.
Title: Huge pain in my calf
Title: Upper Centre Right Abdominal Tenderness
Title: chances of pregnancy?? (help)
Title: just got my blood work results back, can anyone tell me how bad it is?
Title: Weak hip flexor and dorsiflexor
Title: 9+ years Chronic BV? Or some sort of infection. Please help!!
Title: Lower left abdominal pin point pain
Title: insane full body itching
Title: 27F Breathing Problem
Title: bad sharp pains that come and go in the left side region right in lower and under rib cage on side!
Title: M19 Vitamin B12 deficiency and Hairfall.
Title: 24M difficulty breathing
Title: Normal blood and urine tests but increased urination and lower back pain.
Title: Top of fingers at blue!
Title: My Mother's [70F] flesh/skin in the fingers takes time to rebound
Title: Tingling After IV
Title: Can someone please give insight?
Title: Urethra itches after I ejaculate
Title: Is getting red eyes through out the day that big of a deal
Title: Is pre diabetes diabetes or not PLEASE I NEED ANSWERS I'M LOSING MY MIND
Title: Pains after being flung off seat on a bus (UK) do I get checked or treat at home?
Title: Advice/ Premature ejaculation
Title: Is Macrobid enough for treating a UTI that spread to kidneys?
Title: noticed a small bump on my spine
Title: Do I need to go in for this
Title: A question related to my right knee injury.
Title: 36M Spain - On a 500 mile walk/hike and have an anterior shin splint. What is the ideal course of action to recover the quickest to get back on the trail? (More detailed questions in the post.)
Title: Health concerns for 14yo sister, opinions needed
Title: I accidentally stabbed myself with the needle I gave my dad a shot with is it fine?
Title: Nighttime panic attacks or something else?
Title: Why is the skin on my eyebrows and upper nose flaking??
Title: Weird tingling in foot after coughing?
Title: Vaccine
Title: How to heal/cleanse my Gut and Colon?
Title: Bruising on my foot [29][F][5'4"]
Title: Persistent Ear Problems, Desperate for any advice. Thank you
Title: Constant nausea
Title: Ringing in ears 24/7 since 2 years
Title: Should I go to er for chest pain
Title: Constant vertigo and anxiety.
Title: creutzfeldt-jakob disease
Title: Need Doctors Help
Title: Mass in left abdomen (62F)
Title: I have huge amounts of chest pressure and I need help
Title: Extreme Energy After Physical Activity
Title: Is my period normal?
Title: Aching back pain in ribs area, can't sleep, OTC pain med don't help
Title: Left side of head constant headache from the time I wake up until I go to bed the past few days. (More inside.)
Title: Dramatic heart rate drop after benylin?
Title: Constant jaw pain for 5 days could it be TMJ?
Title: Lymph Node Warm
Title: Is this abdominal region concerning?
Title: 22M How to treat burn
Title: When to go to ER for Sepsis
Title: Lower back pain, nearly fell
Title: High EOS and inflammation.
Title: Dark spots rapidly growing larger
Title: When is it safe to go back to work?
Title: Have been having severe testicular pain whenever I have to go #2 since appendectomy two months ago.
Title: I’m having chest pain every day.
Title: Insanely itchy and painful raised welt thing, started from tiny cut
Title: At what point does White Coat Hypertension require medication?
Title: Yellow bubbles on foot after wearing ortho walking boot for sprained ankle.
Title: Excruciating vasospasms and Dr doesn't know what to do
Title: I messed up my H pylori Regimen, should i continue? Will I have to do it again?
Title: Why can't I get the type of pill in America as overseas?
Title: 22M I need help
Title: How to help coma patient
Title: Male (24) I did my first COVID test on my own today
Title: [23 F] Adult toe walking causing painful leg and foot tightness when walking a lot?
Title: [45M] Pain in the area between left thumb and wrist whenever I do pushups
Title: Chest tightness, heart palpitations and visible abdominal pulsations
Title: My mother, who just got out of a lymphoma, had a white mass on her chest x-ray
Title: Septated liver cysts ? Help
Title: Cycle of Tiredness and bad skin
Title: Does tummy still hurt after appendix bursts?
Title: Headaches, head pressure, neck stiffness and mild dizziness
Title: Ludwig’s Angina?
Title: Profuse armpit sweating for no reason
Title: Need help interpreting CBC results.
Title: 29M, 220LB, 6'4" - Strange neurological symptoms, possible concussion 6 months ago, worried about developing CTE or early Alzheimer's later in life. Please help me understand if my concerns are rational or not.
Title: Expired Ciprofloxacin
Title: Foot has had im assuming to be a fungal infection like since a little boy, only right not left
Title: Why am I always hungry?
Title: idk if my heart is in trouble
Title: Can anyone help me identify what this spot on my eardrum might be?
Title: Is my nose alright???
Title: Doctors say my mom is a miracle with how small her MS symptoms are?
Title: Running chest pain
Title: Please help me with differential diagnosis possibilities, please!
Title: New sting
Title: 30M. My tongue hurts, as if it had lots of tiny cuts. It’s a sharp, stinging pain. Usually lasts for 1-2 weeks then goes away…but it always comes back. At first, doc thought it was thrush. New doc doesn’t think so because there is (usually) no swelling or discoloration. What could it be?
Title: Why are my hands still tingling after an hour of being awake
Title: Compressive skull injury from playing around?
Title: Help me to know if I have ED or not
Title: Why is my (37 f) eyelid spasming almost none stop?
Title: is my vitamin d deficiency causing me pain ?
Title: Can I still go to BJJ practice?
Title: How do you know if a new memory is real?
Title: Forearm issues
Title: Sudden Dry Mouth
Title: Am I done?
Title: Ejaculated transparent liquid
Title: Would an elective admission be possible to fully resolve the likely gallbladder issues I've been having for 2.5 years?
Title: GF gets temporary pain when she stops drinking after reaching a buzz.
Title: I have a sore throat
Title: Ultrasound
Title: Eyes extremely irritated after surgery?
Title: Question about lung nodules.
Title: Pinky finger enigma
Title: Almost complete loss of appetite
Title: Circular rash like area but not itchy
Title: Acute Aortic Dissection Imaging and MRIs
Title: Rash on incision sight after feeling of numbness and discomfort
Title: Low WBC, Low Vit E, High Absolute neutrophils
Title: Possible worse skin infection??
Title: Ongoing Head Pressure w/ Low BP
Title: Can’t handle the pain anymore in my jaw
Title: Elderly grandparent consistently only buttering right half of toast
Title: hand fell "asleep" and won't wake all the way back up.
Title: I just need to know if this is normal please
Title: [28F, 116lbs, 5’8] Lots of Sudden Canker Sores
Title: Always tired
Title: Help me understand a throat culture?
Title: Hyponatremia
Title: I'm going insane.
Title: Is this an infection??? help, see comments
Title: Idk what this is .
Title: Mucocitis with no history of cancer treatment??
Title: Blood test results.
Title: 16M , if all skin on my arm is gone
Title: May have accidentally chewed + swallowed very small piece of glass.
Title: Eating small pieces of glass, How bad it is ?
Title: Appendicitis? Please help
Title: Pain in my shin
Title: 47M, what is this fascinating rash appearing on my bum?
Title: 31F Is there anything non-injury based that causes bruising exclusively on one side of the body?
Title: I got pregnant by accident prior to HSG procedure. How Soon can I get HSG after delivery?
Title: Does a very low CH50 have any significance?
Title: Is it possible to start martial arts after a gallbladder removal?
Title: Need Serious Help
Title: Is an MRI worth it in this circumstance?
Title: Can blepharoplasty cause enophthalmos and press on nerve
Title: Difficulty breathing via nose
Title: Lack of sleep after surgery
Title: Ankle Sprain
Title: Will i grow more?
Title: Need some help in fully understanding Pelvic CT Scan remarks
Title: chronic headaches for the past few days
Title: Diarrhoea for 2+ weeks
Title: Small bump on the bottom gum.
Title: Embarrassing q but need to ask
Title: F2 Fibrosis, Fatty liver, Enlarged liver.
Title: Woke up yesterday morning with a weird rash near my eye, would anybody be able to help identify this?
Title: Sports injury leading to exhaustion and sickness
Title: Stomach issues
Title: 23M, feeling drowsy few days after nyquil use.
Title: Minimally displaced transverse fracture through the proximal pole of the scaphoid.
Title: paracetamol overdose?
Title: What could this be? (I had ovarian cancer)
Title: Is it a viral or bacterial sinus infection?
Title: Weird illness
Title: Random hives on left cheek and left arm
Title: Should I go to er for ear infection?
Title: Persistent mucus in throat and wheezing while breathing
Title: (23 M) Hair Issues
Title: Med Question
Title: Taquicardia
Title: Are cavernomas present from birth?
Title: 75F 10 days post stroke - question about recovery
Title: no uti but pressure in bladder.? 18F
Title: Does the inside of your cheek heal after frequent biting?
Title: Issues with throat
Title: My sons a drug user he snorted 50mg pregabalin
Title: What is this on my belly??
Title: Unknown liver issues (possible hepititis A)
Title: Throat rattling when breathing out and trouble breathing when lying on my back
Title: How constipated am I? [27M]
Title: possible posterior knee dislocation???
Title: Tonsillitis twice in 3 weeks, always the same side?!
Title: is my ringworm improving?
Title: Is this colon cancer?
Title: Is having inflamed bowel pockets a valid reason to stay at home from work?
Title: Coughing a lot with little phlegm
Title: Is this acute compartment syndrome HELP
Title: M24 would like a second opinion on these meibographies
Title: Is it fine to drink electrolytes everyday and not workout
Title: I went to the doctor yesterday and he watched my MRI results and said there was a meniscus tear. Today, my MRI report came and MRI report saying I did not have a meniscus tear but patear subluxation. What should I do?
Title: all day vertigo and nausea
Title: Orthopedic Doctor Please!
Title: Swollen, itchy earlobe, swollen lymph node right behind swollen earlobe, and lump in the front of my throat.
Title: Why I easily get muscle cramps?
Title: Leviteracetam + Lamotrigen +Pseudoephedrine
Title: Should I be worried about my test results? I am a bit worried
Title: Are tremors always something to worry about? Scared!
Title: [25M] Throbbing pulsating feeling on left forehead side with whooshing/pulsating sound out of left ear that I can hear my heartbeat.
Title: At what point do doctors tend to think it is something more than just a viral cold?
Title: Eating Disorder?
Title: Hypotension after workout
Title: is this serious or can it wait?
Title: What is wrong with my husband's finger and how do we fix it?
Title: Should I get this mole checked? 23F
Title: Loss of appetite
Title: 54M muscle twitching at night
Title: Will knee ligament surgery inhibit mobility?
Title: Large White lump came out of ear canal
Title: Will one glass of Alcohol the day before a complete blood count affect the results or be visible in the test?
Title: Lower spine ache after injury to upper back/ribs in September
Title: Fainting when stressed
Title: Removal of old hematoma
Title: Monthlong Problems; Low Vit D, Kidney Issues?, Or Anxiety/Stress with Vitamin Deficit? 28M
Title: High testosterone without PCOS?
Title: Gastro issues
Title: Very worried about my ALP
Title: CT result 1 year ago - 100% appendicitis or could be something else?
Title: hi 25m i am frequently urine in every 5-10min and its been from 6 years..i take smokeless nicotine also bupropion 300xl everyday
Title: 30F. How do I stop producing tonsil stones without having my tonsils removed?
Title: White Blood Cells/Neutrophils Low (Again!)
Title: Is my heart rate too high for a 17 year old
Title: Hard lumps behind ear & malaise after sleeping in very cold room?
Title: Today this 5x5mm mole appeared on my face, should I worry?
Title: Recurrent yeast infection
Title: Stress test question please help!
Title: I got an elbow to the eye
Title: Shoulder hurting after a hard fall in roller derby. I’m unfamiliar with the anatomical structures in shoulders and would like to do a bit of research as to what is going on, but I don’t even know where to start.
Title: Should I seek help for a possible psychotic episode at 14?
Title: Blood tests
Title: underaged 85 pound boyfriend drank a lot of beer and i’m very concerned
Title: help interpreting urine culture results.
Title: Went to the ER for symptoms that felt like heart attack, felt very dismissed
Title: Deformed vomer bone
Title: Low sodium despite lots of sodium in diet
Title: Buttcheek pain after long gaming session, what is this on my buttcheek?(abscess?)
Title: Abdominal pain and loss of appetite.
Title: Persistent headaches and light sensitivity for a week
Title: High caffeine intake just began Adderall and am feeling heart pain, will I be okay?
Title: Is it normal to always have immature granulocytes in your blood?
Title: 55, female. Had a fainting episode today.
Title: This Bump Won’t Heal
Title: New antidepressant dosage doing more harm than good?
Title: 23/Male Been having gastro symptoms for 4 years now been to different doctors different diagnosis. How likely is this to be colon cancer? No fam history
Title: Fatigue, swelling, alcohol intolerance
Title: Skull fracture when I was an infant.
Title: Hand Atrophy
Title: Corneal Ulcers M/40
Title: I am Extremely hungry but poor appetite as I recover from a cold/flu
Title: Inner eyelid puffy and flaky for months
Title: Obscure Throat Issue
Title: Medication Alternatives
Title: Lump on face above the jaw
Title: Intolerance to salt
Title: Congenital hypotonia (19M)
Title: Burning lips and throat, rash, lung problems, no doc has an idea.
Title: [72F][Height: 160 cm][Weight:65] Post-op Cranial CT Scan of a Cardiac Bypass Patient
Title: 18f why is my vision so blurry?
Title: I want to ask my doctor to up my dosage of adderall I (36f) take 15 mg a day..
Title: [31F] Cold/allergy symptoms after getting drunk
Title: Is it safe to take Propranolol?
Title: Short bursts of paranoia?
Title: IC, Cancer, Or kidney stones, or something else? please help me, i am worried.
Title: 31F 5'7" 120lbs Force Trauma to finger tip(HUGE blood blister),should i bleed it out to relieve pressure? Its a very deep(?) blister
Title: Fat deposit hernia - do I need to make another primary Dr appointment?
Title: Am I ever going to be able to bend my fingers again?
Title: Recurring left side pain/discomfort for over a year
Title: Interpreting lab results
Title: Would it be safe for someone with heart problems to walk up several flights of stairs?
Title: Recommend compression socks to help relieve varicose veins.
Title: Recurring mastitis not breastfeeding
Title: Lower lip and chin area numb days after wisdom tooth extraction. Should I consult another dentist or physician?
Title: I am very easily distracted doing any sort of work and it takes so much of my energy to focus/refocus.
Title: Bad reaction to alcohol
Title: Rheumatic disease medication help
Title: Burning sensation in mouth
Title: High ggt
Title: 27M Abdominal Pain & Pain when inhaling
Title: Weekly Discussion/General Questions Thread - November 13, 2023
Title: Mystery illness is killing me. I have zero quality of life. Any insight would be appreciated.
Title: They asked me if I was allergic to latex, I said yes, and the nurse put in a latex catheter.
Title: Should I report my doctor?
Title: Umm what does this all mean? Doctor calling like it's serious lol
Title: Consistently coughing up chunky mucus, should I be concerned?
Title: Do I need to push for further tests
Title: Should I be concerned- Pregnant
Title: Why is my left side getting bigger?
Title: Can anyone tell me what this is on my toddler?
Title: Abnormal MRI
Title: What type of stitches are usually used for scalp injuries?
Title: Really annoying symptom that is hard to describe
Title: Down 6 pounds in 3 days?
Title: Managing athletes foot and fungal nails
Title: Post-circumcision advice
Title: Movement Disorder? [29yrs], [159lbs], [5'9"], [duration: 1yr], male, nonsmoker
Title: 4yr old- need perspective/objectivity
Title: 18M Wording Question
Title: 34 year old Male - Need Help interpreting My EKG after Hospital Visit
Title: 34 year old female. Growth(s) in my pharyngeal area. Could this be something other than cancer?
Title: 30F recovering from pneumonia
Title: Really bad arm pain that my doctors can't figure out and I don't know what to do
Title: I feel like i am dying to not known ilness. I lost all of my life quality due to sleep, can you help me connect the dots?
Title: [29][F]Sharp, concentrated pain on one side after IUD insertion; second time
Title: What is this strange thing I plucked from my eyebrow??
Title: Mystery neurological disease is taking my little brother away from me.
Title: 5 liver lesions on contrast CT
Title: Causes for Sharting
Title: Sore Chest
Title: My mom has been having immense headaches
Title: New antidepressant causing some possible side effects?
Title: Feeling dehydrated(??) but not thirsty at all, also not showing any physical signs of it.
Title: Multiple Simultaneous Throat Issues
Title: Is it dried blood?
Title: Super anxious
Title: Stabbing pain in my chest while sleeping?
Title: 32M Why was I not prescribed HRT in spite of (severe) symptoms?
Title: Is misoprostol not advised for easing IUD insertion? Why? (45f)
Title: Black circles in vision with head movement?
Title: What is wrong with my tonsils?
Title: My asthma pump makes me feel like I’m on drugs
Title: Elevated Bilirubin levels
Title: What is normal tip to tail digestive transit time?
Title: Hip/Leg infection? Emergency or no?
Title: Both hands numb for a month now
Title: Liver Issues
Title: Daily vomiting plz help (23F)
Title: Can I take 0.25mgs of clonazepam daily while pregnant?
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: [21M, 169/170 cm, ~67 kg] I woke up and couldn't feel my arm. I regained sensitivity after moving it around a couple times. Is this concerning?
Title: Hearing issue - sounds like an equalizer changing settings - 35M
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: Liver ALT/AST 111/43, ex NAFLD = probable mild long covid
Title: Wrapped ankle with ace bandage too tight and woke up with a swollen foot & wont go down
Title: F 23, got pierced by dusty metal a few days back, muscles achy, family telling me overreacting, what do I do?
Title: Abnormal pap and hpv +, anyone know the best next steps to preserve fertility?
Title: Lung Cancer??? 19M
Title: Ferritin levels went up to 677 in four months. ALT high.
Title: Ongoing, progressive breathlessness
Title: daily creatine usage
Title: Can insulin resistance stop abruptly?
Title: help
Title: Is it possible to develop pinching pain in the right lower abdomen due to long hours sitting, clenching abdominal muscles and using mouse?
Title: does this migration of pain make sense/have any clinical relevance?
Title: How would I know if I had candida overgrowth in my gut?
Title: Had chicken pox twice as a child, am I immune?
Title: Can major diet change affect my period?
Title: Elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have hpylori
Title: Is smelling bengay muscle cream bad?
Title: Should I (26F) go straight to a specialist for recent anemia test?
Title: Midnight vomiting and hives? 33F
Title: feral cat puncture wound
Title: Adhd medication out of state
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: How bad is my low blood pressure, help appreciated.
Title: 9 second night time symptomless ventricular pauses in young man
Title: Broken wrist, pain after 2 and half years 17m
Title: Continuous lead contact
Title: Pain in kidney area
Title: 27F Is it bad news if they need to see you within 2 weeks after biopsy results?
Title: Terbinafine temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
Title: Skin rash over a year later
Title: should I question this further - Brain MRI results
Title: Big blood circulation problem! Please help!
Title: help, back head pressure and clogged sinuses
Title: Breathplay from 6 months ago still haunts me to this day
Title: Do I have anemia? 45m
Title: Interesting lymph node problem
Title: Sudden Swelling Of Forehead Only
Title: Big toe joint pain - should I flex the toe or leave it be for a while?
Title: Blood shot eyes and exhausting
Title: could i be pregnant?
Title: Olanzapine struggles
Title: Stabbing pain in dominant hand over a week after possible injury
Title: Low Blood Osmolality
Title: Causes of transient proteinuria?
Title: What could this be (lung issues)
Title: What degree of exposure to varnish would it take to cause serious harm
Title: DVT and heart rate
Title: Weekly Discussion/General Questions Thread - November 13, 2023
Title: Mystery illness is killing me. I have zero quality of life. Any insight would be appreciated.
Title: They asked me if I was allergic to latex, I said yes, and the nurse put in a latex catheter.
Title: Should I report my doctor?
Title: Umm what does this all mean? Doctor calling like it's serious lol
Title: Consistently coughing up chunky mucus, should I be concerned?
Title: Do I need to push for further tests
Title: Should I be concerned- Pregnant
Title: Why is my left side getting bigger?
Title: Can anyone tell me what this is on my toddler?
Title: Abnormal MRI
Title: What type of stitches are usually used for scalp injuries?
Title: Really annoying symptom that is hard to describe
Title: Down 6 pounds in 3 days?
Title: Managing athletes foot and fungal nails
Title: Post-circumcision advice
Title: Movement Disorder? [29yrs], [159lbs], [5'9"], [duration: 1yr], male, nonsmoker
Title: 4yr old- need perspective/objectivity
Title: 18M Wording Question
Title: 34 year old Male - Need Help interpreting My EKG after Hospital Visit
Title: 34 year old female. Growth(s) in my pharyngeal area. Could this be something other than cancer?
Title: 30F recovering from pneumonia
Title: Really bad arm pain that my doctors can't figure out and I don't know what to do
Title: I feel like i am dying to not known ilness. I lost all of my life quality due to sleep, can you help me connect the dots?
Title: [29][F]Sharp, concentrated pain on one side after IUD insertion; second time
Title: What is this strange thing I plucked from my eyebrow??
Title: Mystery neurological disease is taking my little brother away from me.
Title: 5 liver lesions on contrast CT
Title: Causes for Sharting
Title: Sore Chest
Title: My mom has been having immense headaches
Title: New antidepressant causing some possible side effects?
Title: Feeling dehydrated(??) but not thirsty at all, also not showing any physical signs of it.
Title: Multiple Simultaneous Throat Issues
Title: Is it dried blood?
Title: Super anxious
Title: Stabbing pain in my chest while sleeping?
Title: 32M Why was I not prescribed HRT in spite of (severe) symptoms?
Title: Is misoprostol not advised for easing IUD insertion? Why? (45f)
Title: Black circles in vision with head movement?
Title: What is wrong with my tonsils?
Title: My asthma pump makes me feel like I’m on drugs
Title: Elevated Bilirubin levels
Title: What is normal tip to tail digestive transit time?
Title: Hip/Leg infection? Emergency or no?
Title: Both hands numb for a month now
Title: Liver Issues
Title: Daily vomiting plz help (23F)
Title: Can I take 0.25mgs of clonazepam daily while pregnant?
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: [21M, 169/170 cm, ~67 kg] I woke up and couldn't feel my arm. I regained sensitivity after moving it around a couple times. Is this concerning?
Title: Hearing issue - sounds like an equalizer changing settings - 35M
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: Liver ALT/AST 111/43, ex NAFLD = probable mild long covid
Title: Wrapped ankle with ace bandage too tight and woke up with a swollen foot & wont go down
Title: F 23, got pierced by dusty metal a few days back, muscles achy, family telling me overreacting, what do I do?
Title: Abnormal pap and hpv +, anyone know the best next steps to preserve fertility?
Title: Lung Cancer??? 19M
Title: Ferritin levels went up to 677 in four months. ALT high.
Title: Ongoing, progressive breathlessness
Title: daily creatine usage
Title: Can insulin resistance stop abruptly?
Title: help
Title: Is it possible to develop pinching pain in the right lower abdomen due to long hours sitting, clenching abdominal muscles and using mouse?
Title: does this migration of pain make sense/have any clinical relevance?
Title: How would I know if I had candida overgrowth in my gut?
Title: Had chicken pox twice as a child, am I immune?
Title: Can major diet change affect my period?
Title: Elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have hpylori
Title: Is smelling bengay muscle cream bad?
Title: Should I (26F) go straight to a specialist for recent anemia test?
Title: Midnight vomiting and hives? 33F
Title: feral cat puncture wound
Title: Adhd medication out of state
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: How bad is my low blood pressure, help appreciated.
Title: 9 second night time symptomless ventricular pauses in young man
Title: Broken wrist, pain after 2 and half years 17m
Title: Continuous lead contact
Title: Pain in kidney area
Title: 27F Is it bad news if they need to see you within 2 weeks after biopsy results?
Title: Terbinafine temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
Title: Skin rash over a year later
Title: should I question this further - Brain MRI results
Title: Big blood circulation problem! Please help!
Title: help, back head pressure and clogged sinuses
Title: Breathplay from 6 months ago still haunts me to this day
Title: Do I have anemia? 45m
Title: Interesting lymph node problem
Title: Sudden Swelling Of Forehead Only
Title: Big toe joint pain - should I flex the toe or leave it be for a while?
Title: Blood shot eyes and exhausting
Title: could i be pregnant?
Title: Olanzapine struggles
Title: Stabbing pain in dominant hand over a week after possible injury
Title: Low Blood Osmolality
Title: Causes of transient proteinuria?
Title: What could this be (lung issues)
Title: What degree of exposure to varnish would it take to cause serious harm
Title: DVT and heart rate
Title: What should I do about my LPR?
Title: Had an IV line put in and now my forearms look like Popeye the Sailor Man's
Title: Years of ankle/foot pain.
Title: Rash after castor oil?
Title: Cold Medicine for child on adhd meds
Title: Getting a Blood Test a Week After Vaccinations for Flu and COVID
Title: Follow up - Possible cardio changes
Title: Antibiotics for UTI during pregnancy
Title: I fell and hit my head and lost consciousness, now I’m having some problems. Should I see a doctor?
Title: [38M] Possible Basal Cell Carcinoma?
Title: Specialist said lump is nothing
Title: Estradiol lab work
Title: Help. Something is killing me slowly and I have no idea what it is.
Title: Explosive sneezing in 7 year old
Title: Random, isolated vomiting
Title: Gunk around ear tube
Title: Weird Post Prandial Symptoms, HELP
Title: Can CT differentiate between tb and cancer?
Title: “Fungal” rash on daughters face is spreading after using antifungal cream
Title: Long term blocked sinuses & headaches
Title: My TSH doubled, should I worry?
Title: ache around my right rib
Title: 36M is it a coincidence that two former neighbors died of brain tumors?
Title: Prednisone?
Title: Broken tailbone? Do I go to urgent care?
Title: Cause for concern?
Title: I am feeling so sick rightnow
Title: Left chest dull ache
Title: What’s my knee pain
Title: Muscle strain causing breathing problems
Title: i cannot stand daylight
Title: I get this weird red splotchy-ness after I shower
Title: CT TAP SCAN RESULTS
Title: Resistant headlice, bedbugs, scabies, Demodex? WTF do i have? PLEASE HELP!!!
Title: How is she still alive?
Title: I (19f) got the HPV vaccine on my period. Now my period is late.
Title: Question about positive SMA
Title: How to treat hand pain at home
Title: what are these on my arm?
Title: What else can I do to help lessen the body pain of my diabetic father?
Title: is this normal?
Title: How long does immunity from the chickenpox vaccine last?
Title: Symptoms of a cold weekly
Title: Knee joints feel like they're burning
Title: Exercise causes unbearable itching
Title: Cockroaches. Oh my god.
Title: Lump from IM shot
Title: Injured thumb, I'm a little worried that my doctor has missed something.
Title: Please help me understand my urine test results
Title: Sudden vision narrowing in & dizziness behind the wheel! What happened to me?
Title: My liver function test came back abnormal, can someone interpret how bad it is?
Title: Pain in abdomen
Title: Was this ER provider inappropriately biased or am I misinterpreting everything? I am concerned phrasing in her notes may affect my future care.
Title: Wrong spirometry results?
Title: Need Advice Please help!
Title: Apparently popping my hip out on command isn’t normal?
Title: Bumpy Rash
Title: Can I split 10mg proplanolol in half to make 15mg total dose? 30F, 52kg, 173cm, white, not on any medications
Title: Palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot when going to sleep
Title: Brain bleed worries/question
Title: Masterbating and face acne
Title: Does kratom affect sedation
Title: F30 , Really need help trying to figure out what’s wrong with my back so I can convince my doc to order imaging as he won’t. Please help
Title: 2 Month of Positive for RSV
Title: Frequent Peeing
Title: Head MRA looks weird. ANGIOGRAPHY
Title: What’s wrong with my immune system?
Title: Yellowish skin
Title: Why does is my face and neck so many shades darker than body.
Title: Vomiting clear fluid
Title: High neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio
Title: Possible allergic reaction to surgical adhesive.
Title: F 4yo Indian 15/16 kg last seizure in 2021
Title: I'm 24M and have a fluctuated 3.5 - 4.7 TSH and 28 ESR (<15 optimal); doctors arent concerned?
Title: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
Title: Weekly Discussion/General Questions Thread - November 13, 2023
Title: Mystery illness is killing me. I have zero quality of life. Any insight would be appreciated.
Title: They asked me if I was allergic to latex, I said yes, and the nurse put in a latex catheter.
Title: Should I report my doctor?
Title: Umm what does this all mean? Doctor calling like it's serious lol
Title: Consistently coughing up chunky mucus, should I be concerned?
Title: Do I need to push for further tests
Title: Should I be concerned- Pregnant
Title: Why is my left side getting bigger?
Title: Can anyone tell me what this is on my toddler?
Title: Abnormal MRI
Title: What type of stitches are usually used for scalp injuries?
Title: Really annoying symptom that is hard to describe
Title: Down 6 pounds in 3 days?
Title: Managing athletes foot and fungal nails
Title: Post-circumcision advice
Title: Movement Disorder? [29yrs], [159lbs], [5'9"], [duration: 1yr], male, nonsmoker
Title: 4yr old- need perspective/objectivity
Title: 18M Wording Question
Title: 34 year old Male - Need Help interpreting My EKG after Hospital Visit
Title: 34 year old female. Growth(s) in my pharyngeal area. Could this be something other than cancer?
Title: 30F recovering from pneumonia
Title: Really bad arm pain that my doctors can't figure out and I don't know what to do
Title: I feel like i am dying to not known ilness. I lost all of my life quality due to sleep, can you help me connect the dots?
Title: [29][F]Sharp, concentrated pain on one side after IUD insertion; second time
Title: What is this strange thing I plucked from my eyebrow??
Title: Mystery neurological disease is taking my little brother away from me.
Title: 5 liver lesions on contrast CT
Title: Causes for Sharting
Title: Sore Chest
Title: My mom has been having immense headaches
Title: New antidepressant causing some possible side effects?
Title: Feeling dehydrated(??) but not thirsty at all, also not showing any physical signs of it.
Title: Multiple Simultaneous Throat Issues
Title: Is it dried blood?
Title: Super anxious
Title: Stabbing pain in my chest while sleeping?
Title: 32M Why was I not prescribed HRT in spite of (severe) symptoms?
Title: Is misoprostol not advised for easing IUD insertion? Why? (45f)
Title: Black circles in vision with head movement?
Title: What is wrong with my tonsils?
Title: My asthma pump makes me feel like I’m on drugs
Title: Elevated Bilirubin levels
Title: What is normal tip to tail digestive transit time?
Title: Hip/Leg infection? Emergency or no?
Title: Both hands numb for a month now
Title: Liver Issues
Title: Daily vomiting plz help (23F)
Title: Can I take 0.25mgs of clonazepam daily while pregnant?
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: [21M, 169/170 cm, ~67 kg] I woke up and couldn't feel my arm. I regained sensitivity after moving it around a couple times. Is this concerning?
Title: Hearing issue - sounds like an equalizer changing settings - 35M
Title: Sciatica and foot weakness
Title: Liver ALT/AST 111/43, ex NAFLD = probable mild long covid
Title: Wrapped ankle with ace bandage too tight and woke up with a swollen foot & wont go down
Title: F 23, got pierced by dusty metal a few days back, muscles achy, family telling me overreacting, what do I do?
Title: Abnormal pap and hpv +, anyone know the best next steps to preserve fertility?
Title: Lung Cancer??? 19M
Title: Ferritin levels went up to 677 in four months. ALT high.
Title: Ongoing, progressive breathlessness
Title: daily creatine usage
Title: Can insulin resistance stop abruptly?
Title: help
Title: Is it possible to develop pinching pain in the right lower abdomen due to long hours sitting, clenching abdominal muscles and using mouse?
Title: does this migration of pain make sense/have any clinical relevance?
Title: How would I know if I had candida overgrowth in my gut?
Title: Had chicken pox twice as a child, am I immune?
Title: Can major diet change affect my period?
Title: Elevated creatine serum and nitrogen urea levels
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have hpylori
Title: Is smelling bengay muscle cream bad?
Title: Should I (26F) go straight to a specialist for recent anemia test?
Title: Midnight vomiting and hives? 33F
Title: feral cat puncture wound
Title: Adhd medication out of state
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: How bad is my low blood pressure, help appreciated.
Title: 9 second night time symptomless ventricular pauses in young man
Title: Broken wrist, pain after 2 and half years 17m
Title: Continuous lead contact
Title: Pain in kidney area
Title: 27F Is it bad news if they need to see you within 2 weeks after biopsy results?
Title: Terbinafine temporarily elevate liver enzymes?
Title: Skin rash over a year later
Title: should I question this further - Brain MRI results
Title: Big blood circulation problem! Please help!
Title: help, back head pressure and clogged sinuses
Title: Breathplay from 6 months ago still haunts me to this day
Title: Do I have anemia? 45m
Title: Interesting lymph node problem
Title: Sudden Swelling Of Forehead Only
Title: Big toe joint pain - should I flex the toe or leave it be for a while?
Title: Blood shot eyes and exhausting
Title: could i be pregnant?
Title: Olanzapine struggles
Title: Stabbing pain in dominant hand over a week after possible injury
Title: Low Blood Osmolality
Title: Causes of transient proteinuria?
Title: What could this be (lung issues)
Title: What degree of exposure to varnish would it take to cause serious harm
Title: DVT and heart rate
Title: What should I do about my LPR?
Title: Had an IV line put in and now my forearms look like Popeye the Sailor Man's
Title: Years of ankle/foot pain.
Title: Rash after castor oil?
Title: Cold Medicine for child on adhd meds
Title: Getting a Blood Test a Week After Vaccinations for Flu and COVID
Title: Follow up - Possible cardio changes
Title: Antibiotics for UTI during pregnancy
Title: I fell and hit my head and lost consciousness, now I’m having some problems. Should I see a doctor?
Title: [38M] Possible Basal Cell Carcinoma?
Title: Specialist said lump is nothing
Title: Estradiol lab work
Title: Help. Something is killing me slowly and I have no idea what it is.
Title: Explosive sneezing in 7 year old
Title: Random, isolated vomiting
Title: Gunk around ear tube
Title: Weird Post Prandial Symptoms, HELP
Title: Can CT differentiate between tb and cancer?
Title: “Fungal” rash on daughters face is spreading after using antifungal cream
Title: Long term blocked sinuses & headaches
Title: My TSH doubled, should I worry?
Title: ache around my right rib
Title: 36M is it a coincidence that two former neighbors died of brain tumors?
Title: Prednisone?
Title: Broken tailbone? Do I go to urgent care?
Title: Cause for concern?
Title: I am feeling so sick rightnow
Title: Left chest dull ache
Title: What’s my knee pain
Title: Muscle strain causing breathing problems
Title: i cannot stand daylight
Title: I get this weird red splotchy-ness after I shower
Title: CT TAP SCAN RESULTS
Title: Resistant headlice, bedbugs, scabies, Demodex? WTF do i have? PLEASE HELP!!!
Title: How is she still alive?
Title: I (19f) got the HPV vaccine on my period. Now my period is late.
Title: Question about positive SMA
Title: How to treat hand pain at home
Title: what are these on my arm?
Title: What else can I do to help lessen the body pain of my diabetic father?
Title: is this normal?
Title: How long does immunity from the chickenpox vaccine last?
Title: Symptoms of a cold weekly
Title: Knee joints feel like they're burning
Title: Exercise causes unbearable itching
Title: Cockroaches. Oh my god.
Title: Lump from IM shot
Title: Injured thumb, I'm a little worried that my doctor has missed something.
Title: Please help me understand my urine test results
Title: Sudden vision narrowing in & dizziness behind the wheel! What happened to me?
Title: My liver function test came back abnormal, can someone interpret how bad it is?
Title: Pain in abdomen
Title: Was this ER provider inappropriately biased or am I misinterpreting everything? I am concerned phrasing in her notes may affect my future care.
Title: Wrong spirometry results?
Title: Need Advice Please help!
Title: Apparently popping my hip out on command isn’t normal?
Title: Bumpy Rash
Title: Can I split 10mg proplanolol in half to make 15mg total dose? 30F, 52kg, 173cm, white, not on any medications
Title: Palms of my hand and the soles of my feet get hot when going to sleep
Title: Brain bleed worries/question
Title: Masterbating and face acne
Title: Does kratom affect sedation
Title: F30 , Really need help trying to figure out what’s wrong with my back so I can convince my doc to order imaging as he won’t. Please help
Title: 2 Month of Positive for RSV
Title: Frequent Peeing
Title: Head MRA looks weird. ANGIOGRAPHY
Title: What’s wrong with my immune system?
Title: Yellowish skin
Title: Why does is my face and neck so many shades darker than body.
Title: Vomiting clear fluid
Title: High neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio
Title: Possible allergic reaction to surgical adhesive.
Title: F 4yo Indian 15/16 kg last seizure in 2021
Title: I'm 24M and have a fluctuated 3.5 - 4.7 TSH and 28 ESR (<15 optimal); doctors arent concerned?
Title: Two Questions About the Consequences of a Displaced Scapula Fracture
Title: Did my aneurysm fix my asthma?
Title: Pouring sweat, exhausted and ER gave few answers
Title: Was my ankle brachial index (ABI) test result calculated up properly?
Title: Hamstring injury
Title: Help with PAP test
Title: How long should I fast before surgery
Title: Got my blood glucose level tested. It was a 109. Should I be worried?
Title: Knee Pain
Title: Strange reaction after epidural corticosteroid injection
Title: Multiple Surgeries
Title: Difficulty falling asleep
Title: 22M, Outdoor/Stray cat lightly bit me while trying to pet it ? Should I tell my doc ?
Title: Face flushes in the evening, sometimes with fatigue
Title: Surgery in am - nauseous- can I take zofran?
Title: Scratch like marks in skin
Title: Hair Fall due to hard water!!!
Title: Hospital?
Title: Can't figure out what illness I have. Need some ideas!
Title: Am i okay? 17M
Title: Strange nodule in back of mouth
Title: Black Vomit after Drinking
Title: Could swallowing a button battery go unnoticed?
Title: Intense shaking, cold and numbness on right side of my body
Title: Pain in elbow when doing tricep push downs or skullcrushers
Title: Can I take two pain pills or another half?
Title: I (25M) have had a persistent rash for about 4 months and now there's a lump in my armpit
Title: 26M- how do I prevent acid reflux at night?
Title: [35][M] All nails and body hairs on torso/pelvic/legs regions become ingrown?
Title: Losing muscle, fat redistribution, increased flank fat, while on TRT. Losing my mind. Please help
Title: Mother has abnormalities in left lung we aren’t sure what is
Title: Should I go to another ER or just wait it out?
Title: An unbearable throat pain, with some endless coughing and bad breathing. Sore throat, heavy breathing. What could it be?
Title: Cellulite in men
Title: Spouse saw my head vibrating hard while asleep, stopped upon awakening, body became stiff for a few seconds
Title: is it possible to have a potentially serious illness while feeling perfectly fine?
Title: M81 5'9" thin stroke symptoms but nothing showing on MRI
Title: Mysterious rash appeared under chin this morning
Title: Skin tag looking growth on my child’s upper gum
Title: Possible frontal bone fracture
Title: What over the counter medicine can I take for mono?
Title: Is a rash after a cold normal?
Title: I hurt my ear
Title: Becoming a doctor with a mental health diagnosis
Title: Should I send a complaint about a misdiagnosis?
Title: Chances of colon cancer 2 years after clear colonoscopy? 63M with stomach problems and iron-defiency anemia
Title: High BP and random sharp abdomen pains in a young male
Title: Kidney Infection... does anyone have any advice?
Title: I’m afraid I did some damage to my ear and trying not to panic
Title: What is this itchy bit on my scalp?
Title: 27m is this spot on my hand worrying
Title: Sudden pain in side, urinary discomfort for a few days
Title: Help reading Bone Scan
Title: Heart rate dropping to 30-50 around noon everyday
Title: Growth on pinky finger
Title: Low WBC
Title: Amoxicillin side effects?
Title: Confused
Title: No period and low FSH levels?
Title: painful hard bump on back of neck
Title: Ear pain, lumps on collarbone. Doctor found immature red blood cells.
Title: Strep throat reinfection
Title: What could this be? 34F
Title: Does this sound like a virus or pneumonia in my 7 yo?
Title: 21M Seeking answers
Title: Is this a worrying response after a CT scan?
Title: Antibiotics
Title: Pediatric hematology - 2 year old with Down syndrome
Title: Is There Long Term Side Effects From Ambien?
Title: Question: Ankle MRI
Title: What’s wrong with me? 22F
Title: Hoping for Answers
Title: Am I Defecting Intestinal Lining?
Title: Can I give myself the Abrysvo vaccine? How?
Title: 27M. My feet has looked like this or worse ever since I learned to walk. Sometimes as a kid, it used to get so bad, covered in pus even, and I couldn't walk for a week. After seeing several tens of doctors, practising all kinds of medicine, I have accepted that it won't go away. More >>
Title: 33 male urethra damage please help!
Title: what should i do about the soda in me
Title: Consistently low blood sugar
Title: Eye Irritated - What is it?
Title: EPL Tendon sticking out 22M
Title: Whats wrong with me
Title: Medication question.
Title: Got checked by my last derma doc .. diagnos seborrheic keratosis
Title: Need help with Colonoscopy
Title: Could this be temporal arteritis?!
Title: 37M - 14 Months continued symptoms
Title: Rash after standing by fire
Title: Why Do Psychiatrists Always Slowly Titrate Up With Antipsychotics?
Title: Can Zio patch and KardiaMobile interfere with each other?
Title: What could be the cause of microcytic hypochromic regenerative anemia with low ferritin?
Title: Pregnant with low ferritin, normal iron - what do I do?
Title: Right shoulder pain more than a week after laparoscopic cholecystectomy
Title: I fractured my medial malleolus playing soccer, can I still hit leg extensions while I heal? 15M
Title: Chondromalacia Questions
Title: How do I Keep an Injury Under my Toenail From Getting Infected?
Title: Open wound burn with no blister, how do I treat it? [26][Female]
Title: Taking IR Keppra once a day instead of twice?
Title: Possible long qt syndrome
Title: Is this something bad?
Title: Should I worry about skin tag like thing in throat
Title: Would someone be willing to look at my echo findings and let me know if this is pretty normal or I should be concerned? I’m anxious and they came after my doctor’s office closed for the day. Thank you!
Title: I am suffering from recurring facial eczema/dermatitis
Title: Myeloproliferative neoplasms and fever
Title: Circumcision
Title: I 22F have a brain bleed. Can someone please explain my results in more detail?
Title: My knee keeps getting “stuck”
Title: What is wrong with me?
Title: PPCM 35F 6 months postpartum
Title: Wierd tingly sensation in fingers and hands after working out in the cold....
Title: weird heart thing
Title: Urinary Issues in 21 y/o
Title: Smelly odor, doctor does not want to help.
Title: Should I seek second opinion (podiatry) after MRI results (link to results attached)?
Title: On one of my feet my skin is peeling pretty badly. Mostly around the toe area. The other foot is fine. I've changed all my shoes and boots and it's not helping.
Title: 11 year old - weird frequent water vomit.
Title: Went to urgent care feel worse
Title: Pituitary Gland MRI with Contrast - What is that ?
Title: submandibular glands swollen for years
Title: Strep with mouth sores?
Title: Did I have a Bi Salpingectomy or a Tubal Ligation done?
Title: What should I do for shoulder and neck pain
Title: Should I file a complaint against a dr I attempted to see?
Title: I keep feeling like I'm going to lose consciousness
Title: Could this be a blood clot?
Title: Chalazion? Or...
Title: Long term effects of a ganglion cyst. Should I get it removed ?
Title: Black Vomit
Title: Cloudy, Sweet smelling urine?
Title: Blood in mucus following TBI
Title: Am I a lost cause?
Title: Can a colonoscopy miss IBD?
Title: How long after a miscarriage until you shouldn’t be having symptoms?
Title: Eptopic pregnancy help
Title: Motorcycle Accident: Skinned my foot!
Title: peeing blood and blood clots
Title: Low heart rate while sleeping
Title: Tiny dots on son’s face
Title: Every specialist I’ve seen is stumped
Title: 37f Multiple mild distended small bowel loops possible bowel obstruction
Title: Should I get re-tested?
Title: 16 year old soccer player - feels like i have the flu int my legs!!
Title: Varicose veins 24F?
Title: Baby temp drops at night
Title: What would cause pain in the blue area to the touch with an emphasis on the pink area?
Title: (27F) Jaw sore after gastroscopy
Title: I lost 10 pounds in a matter of a week am I fine
Title: Is this something to speak to a neurologist about or a therapist? (F25)
Title: Should I go to the ER for this Migraine?
Title: Should I be concerned?
Title: Is it normal for your head/shoulders to jerk randomly?
Title: Tested postive for Serratia Marcescens on a nasal swab
Title: Grinding my teeth causing nose pain?
Title: I have an urgent bowel movement almost daily
Title: Why don’t medications work on me?
Title: 23M with a variety of concerning symptoms, help appreciated
Title: (21F) Extreme pain after MenB vaccine is this normal?
Title: Potential autoimmune, hormone, or blood sugar issue - searching for answers
Title: High platelet count?
Title: 21m with cancer concerns
Title: Pelvic ultrasound shows lesion - how worried should I be?
Title: Extreme Fatigue and Lack of Appetite
Title: Swollen lymph nodes
Title: [25F] Concerned about a year of chronic head pain gradually worsening and getting weirder
Title: (AFAB 21) popped a bump in between my leg and private area
Title: Chronic neck pain and CT completed, please explain what this report states in laymen terms
Title: Is this a nickel allergy rash?
Title: Low globulin levels?
Title: Can a doctor file a DNR without family signing it?
Title: Sensitive rash/bruise on nose between eyes after being sick for two weeks?
Title: What do you recommend?
Title: Please help me interpret my CT scan and solve my medical mystery
Title: Male 31 with chronic back pain
Title: Was told MRI showed migraines but I don’t get migraines. What else could it be?
Title: 23f hip hurts right on top the joint and hurts if I push on it, walk up hills, stairs or sit cross legged.
Title: Drug interactions with sleep apnea
Title: Fainting after blood test
Title: Serratia marcescenes type A
Title: Muscle Cramps
Title: Big blood circulation problem need help!
Title: Recently started vaping and can see the Epiglottis at the back of my throat and it looks like Blood
Title: Accidentally left on some ECG test pads during a chest XRay
Title: Sudden mouth dryness following sinus pressure/eye discomfort
Title: High IgG in young children
Title: 28f Rapid heart rate day after vaccine
Title: 32f, Is it normal for a puls to drop from 130 to 70 back to 149 within 1 minute just by standing up?
Title: Is this a wart?
Title: What is this scab on my dads ankle?
Title: How close was I to dying?
Title: Are my medications safe during pregnancy?
Title: Low PI index on Oximeter
Title: Will antifungals affect a trichomoniasis test?
Title: HELP PLEASE ! My lower back is hurt
Title: I started having migraines with aura about two years ago. Should I be worried?
Title: Chronic elevated liver enzymes but no apparent cause?
Title: Bizarre brain feeling 16M
Title: 40mg Prozac + 60mg Buspar = Serotonin Syndrome?
Title: Regular cold or Sepsis?
Title: Need help with vertigo / anxiety. (24F)
Title: F/33 with Endometriosis I have questions about cyclical symptoms
Title: Will switching from Escitalopram to Sertraline help my low mood?
Title: WBC of 3.2- Please help
Title: Male, 45, 6'1, 125. Are these symptoms of a possible stroke?
Title: Constantly sweating
Title: Need an opinion on this organization that is selling supplements to my ill mother.
Title: Dog bite issues to look out for
Title: chronic fatigue 1 month post-op robotic cholecystectomy, is this normal?
Title: 13 year old male
Title: Pain while sneezing
Title: Do I have a blood clot?
Title: PM pills vs Benzodiazepines & Ambien
Title: My body, idk what is going on
Title: High Iron Levels
Title: 31M - Stopped Zoloft 250mg cold turkey 2 months ago... ongoing Nausea, vomiting, Chills, sweating, lost 30lbs.
Title: Why can’t I get high?
Title: Do I have kidney disease?
Title: Numbness in hand
Title: I Inhaled some window cleaner F13
Title: Tripcep exercises with elbow bone spurs
Title: Herminated disc
Title: Common cold or something else.
Title: Feels like UTI isn't going away even with 2 antibiotics
Title: Splinter hemorrhage
Title: Please explain CT results
Title: Back pain and X-ray.. shows mild degenerative, mostly in L5S1
Title: Sleepiness, heartburn after workout
Title: Deadly allergic to snails but sudden snail outbreak in aquarium
Title: Mother (60F) feels bugs that aren't there
Title: Doesn't reducing a fever defeat the purpose.
Title: Does cellulite reduce rate of fat loss?
Title: Multiple lymph nodes swollen
Title: Elevated CRP and ESR Levels in Recent Blood Tests - Seeking Medical Opinions
Title: Proctalgia Fugax
Title: Why do i have an overactive bladder after injury a decade or a year ago
Title: Hello! F30 Paronychia developed around my finger and it was painful and there was abscess. Doct. prescribed antibiotics and I'm on the day 5. The problem is that he didn't want to drain it because he found abscess so small . After 5 days of using antibiotics, abscess is still there.
Title: Mri Results (shoulder labrum tear)
Title: Am I just a medical mystery? What am I missing? Someone please help me connect the dots.
Title: What test results should I (28F) ask for insight to from a man I've recently started getting to know whose a Hep B carrier?
Title: Still seeing stars 1 year after hitting my head.
Title: Armpit hair is suddenly patchy?
Title: Medial bucket handle meniscus tear
Title: How to report possibly inaccurate patient report
Title: Pain in throat, not a sore throat
Title: MRI of Cervical spine. Thoughts. I have 3 different treatment/ diagnosis. Confused.
Title: Diagnosed MVP with symptoms but doctor says it's not from it?
Title: Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension in Teen
Title: Seeking advice with mild chest pain and discomfort a while
Title: Left leg pain
Title: Tightness in the neck area, occasional throbbing, mild stabbing pain around the throat, and sensation of swelling on both sides of the neck
Title: (31 M) I have 24/7 microspasms and multiple daily muscle cramps. Should I be more worried?
Title: [21M, 6’ 00”, 186 lbs, no medicines, do vape, no previous medical issue, pregnancy anxiety, 5 days, my head] Effectiveness of the bc pill having missed first day of new pack?
Title: Expirencing short sharp pain in lower abdomen recently?
Title: Does anyone else have brownish small specks on their palate? The hard palate before it goes into the soft palate.
Title: Worried this is colon cancer
Title: Slowly worsening, one-sided, temple, tonsil, and eye issues for 3 years.
Title: Corners of jaw painful to the touch?
Title: Syrinx Found on MRI. Next steps?
Title: Hand tremors
Title: Possible poisoning?
Title: Feel pain like gallstones but don’t have a gallbladder
Title: Sesamoid Stress Fracture? - College Athlete
Title: Palpitations - Question regarding one of the most common symptoms
Title: Do i actually have subclinical hypothyroid?
Title: Testing for IBd
Title: Sinus/Allergy Issues
Title: Cervix TVUS
Title: Is it normal to suddenly develop motion sickness out of nowhere?
Title: Wierd Gastro/Cardio Relation After Bad High - 43M, 5'9", 220 lbs
Title: i’ve been experiencing something really strange and need a doctors info please!
Title: CT scan results after dvt
Title: Muscle twitches and arm pain, in the ALS anxiety rabbit hole. Any input?
Title: Burn on hand
Title: Blood work help
Title: Lab result question
Title: Skin Rash
Title: Pediatric Second Opinion or referral for Hematologist? 2 year old testing for Thalassemia/anemia. Please share guidance 🙏🏼
Title: Lymph node du to pimple
Title: 21m with colon cancer concerns
Title: Can I use headphones following ear tube surgery?
Title: 21M Small bump on armpit, help?
Title: New labs, tons of symptoms
Title: 21F I'm losing control of my bladder and bowels, and chronic pain and fatigue are making my life miserable.
Title: Do you know if someone goes for a second opinion??
Title: Make UTI or something else?
Title: Blew my nose and this weird red clump came out?
Title: Eye twitches whenever I touch it
Title: Woke up with Eye Redness
Title: how have i gained 2 pounds in the past week?
Title: My second/revision septoplasty was not “successful”. Do I have any other options?
Title: Average BP has dropped 30
Title: Penile White Bumps
Title: 24M Stomach pain for 10 days
Title: “Migrating” wound/sore in between lip and gum?
Title: Myxomatous Mitral Valve
Title: I have never been diagnosed am I fine?
Title: My wife has a blood clot and very low iron, even after 4 iron infusions it’s the same and the hematologist doesn’t have a cause figured out. And a mystery leg rash for 3 months.
Title: What does this mean when being given a CT scan? Please help.
Title: Pimple/boil
Title: Can ekg Miss Heart attack?
Title: Fungus, Melanoma, or Hematoma?
Title: elbow pain in right arm
Title: 62 yr female doctor dismisses me and causes extreme anxiety by preventing me to advocate for my health
Title: What GI condition is this?
Title: 62 y female doctor refused to order more scans to get a diagnosis
Title: My grandmother (80F) is having symptoms of something her doctor can’t figure out. She’s been passed along to several specialists.
Title: Help me please
Title: [US] [20F] Chest tightness/pain after taking hydroxyzine two days ago.
Title: Lymph Nodes
Title: 26M Tattooing over keloid scar
Title: Question for problem in female parts
Title: [F24] Please help read this
Title: I've had two potential seizures in my life, I don't know how to handle the anxiety
Title: Mystery Problem
Title: I can't breathe/ pft results
Title: Foot pain. Does this sound like rheumatoid arthritis? Family history and lowkey freaking out it's now happening to me
Title: Irregular Menstrual Cycles Postpartum
Title: Should i get a post thorax vest ?
Title: I want to have a kitten but allergies.
Title: Do I have ADHD/Should I consult a professional?
Title: Covid and babies
Title: Do Dr.'s tend to dislike pt's using correct anatomical descriptions? 59M 100kg
Title: 31 m tension headaches for about a week, possible sleep apnea?
Title: When to continue running after Shin Splints?
Title: What is this rash?
Title: Can someone interpret these brain MRI results?
Title: Constant debilitating stomach pain for a week. Tests show nothing wrong…
Title: Hyperaware of heartbeat is leading to lack of sleep + increased anxiety
Title: Super tired legs
Title: 68F Gangrene?
Title: 9 Months of Shoulder Pain
Title: Are these effects from too much caffeine? Or something else?
Title: struggling with excessive daytime sleepiness that is not being taken seriously. i’d appreciate some input.
Title: Alcohol Withdrawal
Title: Darkened, textured skin under chin growing hair
Title: Afebrile despite ANY illness
Title: Miralax and how frequently should I defecate
Title: Please help me figure out what’s causing my symptoms
Title: Male UTI/kidney stones or something else?
Title: Abnormal Results = Normal Test?
Title: Prolonged postpartum bleeding, fatigue and high platelets
Title: Sharp pain in my right abdomen just below my ribs
Title: Does this look like hip dysplasia? (X-ray)
Title: How do i know if chest pain is REALLY serious
Title: Recurring scleritis, but no autoimmune disease
Title: Is it weird that I have to straighten up to burp?
Title: What is wrong with my shoulder
Title: severe menstrual bleeding on anti coagulant.
Title: 22M Chest pains that get worse during the colder months
Title: Reoccurring back pain
Title: MRI results interpretation.
Title: should i have gone to the er?
Title: On and off chest pains for 1 year what can I do? I’m so stressed and sad all the time I can’t cope Old ecg below
Title: Healthy child multiple spider nevi
Title: I developed a itchy rash from a cast following surgery for a broken elbow. It’s progressively gotten worse, is it infected? Pics included
Title: Fractured finger recovery - am I being poorly advised by my doctor?
Title: Lymph nodes sono results
Title: Rashes that come and go since giving birth
Title: Can anxiety cause my skin to burn and blister?
Title: What is causing my body’s Autoimmune response?
Title: Pap: what does endometrial type cells present and acute inflammation mean?
Title: My doctors are making me concerned about my liver
Title: Is it okay for an er doc to refuse to give me a troponin test?
Title: Any Dermatologist here?
Title: Any urologist out there? Could this be prostatitis?
Title: Advice on Weight Fluxuations for a Remote Working Male
Title: Help me solve the mystery of my health problems. (Full detailed health history)
Title: Drug use
Title: I just found out I’m pregnant, but I’ve been taking lithium this whole time.
Title: Help!
Title: Intermittent ache around knee
Title: White/colourless raised bumps in nose bridge
Title: Mild chest pain on pressing
Title: Fingerstick blood sampling to diagnose diabetes in toddlers?
Title: should i be concerned about these bumps???
Title: 31F 4,10 125 W Csection incision 3 months postop No smoking or drinking Is this bleeding normal, picture in comments
Title: Baby girl with new rash
Title: Strange bruising after blood tests
Title: My GERD orLPR is strictly associated with respiratory infections, unless left untreated
Title: Back Pain in "Bum"
Title: Wierd feeling around left ribcage / lung
Title: General fatigue
Title: F26 - (Ontario, Canada) ADHD and extreme hoarding. When are doctors allowed to break doctor-patient confidentiality in terms of public health risks?
Title: 3.5 Years of on/off excruciating pain and still no diagnosis... Looking for your creative ideas to identify the cause!
Title: EEG Results
Title: Why is my surgeon making me wait 7 weeks for surgery?
Title: What muscle am I squeezing?
Title: Worried about my dad’s (61M) health. He’s a lung cancer survivor & he’s been experiencing speech problems, mobility issues, coordination problems, etc.
Title: Low dose asprin for IUGR, without any other risk factors
Title: Hard lump at base of skull. Never noticed before.
Title: Sleep disorder?
Title: Do I really need additional imaging?
Title: Anxiety meds are giving me nausea
Title: Got a little electric shock and still feeling tingles hours later 20M
Title: I 35M have a question
Title: Do I need to be worried about this?
Title: Right side flank pain for the past year
Title: Can smoking weed affect MRA scan results?
Title: Positive ANA test, few symptoms - how worried should I be?
Title: I need some serious help please!
Title: Could I get stoned from a tincture?
Title: Is this the start of ringworm?
Title: Please help 20AFAB
Title: 486 Platelet Count
Title: Unknown cause of short vertigo attacks
Title: My arm has been numb for almost 3 months
Title: Is it a UTI or something else?
Title: 33year old, F, blue threads in mucus?!!
Title: Blood test explained, please?
Title: Will HRCT tell if I have lung cancer?
Title: [33M] I have had all symptoms of LCL tear (outside of the left knee). Can I still walk and stroll around?
Title: Excessive yawning, long after initial withdrawal phase of getting clean off heroin
Title: Should I (23F) go to urgent care twice for the same issue?
Title: 16f pregnancy scare
Title: Could this get my son dismissed as a patient?
Title: Chest soreness? Is this heart disease?
Title: What to do if I can't feel the want to eat, and all food looks meh?
Title: Extremely high B12 levels, I do not take b12 supplements so I am very worried. Please help
Title: Is it possible my daughter (8yoF) had allergic reaction to hickory wood pellets?
Title: Constricted pupil after blunt trauma
Title: Missed 2 days of antibiotics, should l continue as prescribed?
Title: Why would consultant request brain and spine MRI but not leg, for an issue with leg pain?
Title: Yep. Another “Terry’s Nails” Post. But maybe different?
Title: Leg Pain
Title: Normal Abeta42/40 but low levels of abeta42 and abeta 40....?
Title: Lupus (SLE) questions: hair, kidneys and drugs
Title: 7.5mg escitalopram + 7.5mg ritalin gave me low blood pressure
Title: 27M with itchy private area
Title: ER docs or Anesthesiologists - question about dental appliance in setting of intubation
Title: Is 90/50 BP dangerous?
Title: Swollen tonsils, no stones, not bacterial
Title: Would fluimucil (otc effervescent NAC tablets sold for respiratory reasons) at a larger dose be effective as paracetamol overdose treatment? Title
Title: Pain in contraceptive implant site
Title: Is there anything I can do about tonsil stones? A remedy or medicine or something?
Title: 32M, past heavy drinker, concerned about veins on nose
Title: Help understand my TSH levels.
Title: Huge pain in my calf
Title: Upper Centre Right Abdominal Tenderness
Title: chances of pregnancy?? (help)
Title: just got my blood work results back, can anyone tell me how bad it is?
Title: Weak hip flexor and dorsiflexor
Title: 9+ years Chronic BV? Or some sort of infection. Please help!!
Title: Lower left abdominal pin point pain
Title: insane full body itching
Title: 27F Breathing Problem
Title: bad sharp pains that come and go in the left side region right in lower and under rib cage on side!
Title: M19 Vitamin B12 deficiency and Hairfall.
Title: 24M difficulty breathing
Title: Normal blood and urine tests but increased urination and lower back pain.
Title: Top of fingers at blue!
Title: My Mother's [70F] flesh/skin in the fingers takes time to rebound
Title: Tingling After IV
Title: Can someone please give insight?
