Integrative Medicine Therapies for Pain Management in Cancer Patients.
Article:Pain management for cancer patients should include pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic interventions. Integrative medicine therapies, such as mind-body practice, acupuncture, massage therapy, and music therapy, have been studied for their roles in pain management. Data from randomized controlled trials support the effect of hypnosis, acupuncture, and music therapy in reduction of pain. Mindfulness meditation, yoga, qigong, and massage therapy, although may not reduce pain per se, can relieve anxiety and mood changes, which are commonly associated with pain. In clinical practice, one should also consider burdens and risks to patients, patient preference, and the presence or absence of better alternatives when making decisions on whether an integrative medicine therapy is of clinical value.

Acupuncture for palliative cancer pain management: systematic review.
Article:Background:Pain is one of the most common and problematic symptoms encountered by patients with cancer. Due to the multifactorial aetiology, pain management of these patients frequently requires multidisciplinary interventions including conventional support and specialty palliative care. Acupuncture has been identified as a possible adjunctive therapy for symptom management in cancer pain, and there is currently no systematic review focused solely on the evidence of acupuncture on cancer pain in palliative care.Objective:To critically analyse currently available publications regarding the use of acupuncture for pain management among patients with cancer in palliative care settings.Methods:Multiple academic databases were searched from inception to 29 October 2020. Randomised controlled trials involving acupuncture in palliative care for treatment of cancer-related pain were synthesised. Data were extracted by two independent reviewers, and methodological quality of each included study was assessed using the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine (OCEBM) 2011 Levels of Evidence.Results:Five studies (n=189) were included in this systematic review. Results indicated a favourable effect of acupuncture on pain relief in palliative care for patients with cancer. According to OCEBM 2011 Levels of Evidence, they were level 2 in one case (20%), level 3 in two cases (40%) and level 4 in the remaining (40%). Low-level evidence adversely affects the reliability of findings.Conclusions:Acupuncture may be an effective and safe treatment associated with pain reduction in the palliative care of patients with cancer. Further high-quality, adequately powered studies are needed in the future.

Cancer Pain Management-New Therapies.
Article:Purpose of review:Despite the rapid advance in anti-cancer treatment in recent years, the treatment to cancer-related pain remains largely unchanged. One systemic review has shown that approximately 32% of patient with cancer-related pain were undertreated. While in patients responding to strong opioids, long-term use of opioids will lead to many undesired side effects such as constipation, tolerance, and addiction. The goals of this review are to re visit the current algorism of cancer pain management and bring attention to the emerging interventional pain management techniques.Recent findings:Peripheral nerve stimulation (PNS) has been successfully used to treat certain types of chronic non-cancer pain with long-term analgesic effect. PNS has also brought some promising results in treating localized cancer-related pain in a pilot study. More studies are needed to advance the novel and safe treatment of cancer-related pain. Incorporating interventional techniques such as PNS properly can optimize the current treatment strategy and improve outcomes.

Pancreas Cancer-Associated Pain Management.
Article:Pain is highly prevalent in patients with pancreas cancer and contributes to the morbidity of the disease. Pain may be due to pancreatic enzyme insufficiency, obstruction, and/or a direct mass effect on nerves in the celiac plexus. Proper supportive care to decrease pain is an important aspect of the overall management of these patients. There are limited data specific to the management of pain caused by pancreatic cancer. Here we review the literature and offer recommendations regarding multiple modalities available to treat pain in these patients. The dissemination and adoption of these best supportive care practices can improve quantity and quality of life for patients with pancreatic cancer. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: Pain management is important to improve the quality of life and survival of a patient with cancer. The pathophysiology of pain in pancreas cancer is complex and multifactorial. Despite tumor response to chemotherapy, a sizeable percentage of patients are at risk for ongoing cancer-related pain and its comorbid consequences. Accordingly, the management of pain in patients with pancreas cancer can be challenging and often requires a multifaceted approach.

Methadone for Pain Management: A Pharmacotherapeutic Review.
Article:Methadone is increasingly being used for its analgesic properties. Despite the increasing popularity, many healthcare providers are not familiar with methadone's complex pharmacology and best practices surrounding its use. The purpose of this narrative review article is to discuss the pharmacology of methadone, the evidence surrounding methadone's use in acute pain management and both chronic cancer and non-cancer pain settings, as well as highlight pertinent safety, monitoring, and opioid rotation considerations. Methadone has a unique mechanism of action when compared with all other opioids and for this reason methadone has come to hold a niche role in the management of opioid-induced hyperalgesia and central sensitization. Understanding of the mechanisms of variability in methadone disposition and drug interactions has evolved over the years, with the latest evidence revealing that CYP 2B6 is the major determinant of methadone elimination and plays a key role in methadone-related drug interactions. From an acute pain perspective, most studies evaluating the use of intraoperative intravenous methadone have reported lower pain scores and post-operative opioid requirements. Oral methadone is predominantly used as a second-line opioid treatment for select chronic pain conditions. As a result, several oral morphine to oral methadone conversion ratios have been proposed, as have methods in which to rotate to methadone. From an efficacy standpoint, limited literature exists regarding the effectiveness of methadone in the chronic pain setting with most of the available efficacy data pertaining to methadone's use in the treatment of cancer pain. Many of the prospective studies that exist feature low participant numbers. Few clinical trials investigating the role of methadone as an analgesic treatment are currently underway. The complicated pharmacokinetic properties of methadone and risks of harm associated with this drug highlight how critically important it is that healthcare providers understand these features before prescribing/dispensing methadone. Particular caution is required when converting patients from other opioids to methadone and for this reason only experienced healthcare providers should undertake such a task. Further randomized trials with larger sample sizes are needed to better define the effective and safe use of methadone for pain management.

Pain Management for Patients With Advanced Cancer in the Opioid Epidemic Era.
Article:Use of opioids for the treatment of pain is necessary for the majority of patients with advanced cancer, however its use has become challenging in the face of the opioid epidemic and the emerging evidence that patients with cancer are also at risk for nonmedical opioid use. This article proposes an assessment and treatment plan that incorporates universal screening with monitoring for all patients with cancer who are considered for opioid treatment to assess their risk for opioid misuse and harm. Timely identification with appropriate management, including referral of at-risk patients, will allow oncology professionals to optimize the risk-to-benefit and support the safe use of opioids for patients with cancer.

Adult Cancer Pain, Version 3.2019, NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology.
Article:In recent years, the NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) for Adult Cancer Pain have undergone substantial revisions focusing on the appropriate and safe prescription of opioid analgesics, optimization of nonopioid analgesics and adjuvant medications, and integration of nonpharmacologic methods of cancer pain management. This selection highlights some of these changes, covering topics on management of adult cancer pain including pharmacologic interventions, nonpharmacologic interventions, and treatment of specific cancer pain syndromes. The complete version of the NCCN Guidelines for Adult Cancer Pain addresses additional aspects of this topic, including pathophysiologic classification of cancer pain syndromes, comprehensive pain assessment, management of pain crisis, ongoing care for cancer pain, pain in cancer survivors, and specialty consultations.

Neuromodulation techniques for cancer pain management.
Article:Purpose of review:Advanced pain management techniques may be indicated in 5-15% of cancer patients. Despite this, a recent review identified that, over the course of 1 year in England, only 458 patients received a procedure intended to provide analgesia and only 30 patients had intrathecal drug delivery (ITDD) devices implanted. This article describes the emerging evidence for ITDD in cancer pain and provides a narrative review of other neuromodulatory techniques (including spinal cord stimulation, peripheral nerve stimulation and acupuncture), approaches that might be employed to address this area of significant unmet clinical need.Recent findings:Numerous studies have been published within the last year reporting positive outcomes associated with ITDD in cancer pain management. Neuromodulation represents an important strategy in the management of persistent pain. Whilst the nonmalignant pain evidence-base is rapidly growing, it remains sparse for cancer pain management. The growing cohort of cancer survivors may significantly benefit from neuromodulatory techniques.Summary:ITDD and other neuromodulatory techniques for cancer pain management appear underutilised in the UK and offer the prospect of better treatment for cancer patients with refractory pain or intolerable side-effects from systemic analgesics.

Pain Management in the Cancer Survivor.
Article:Objectives:To describe assessment and interdisciplinary management of pain in the cancer survivor over the continuum of cancer care.Data sources:Review of the literature and treatment standards.Conclusion:Pain remains a primary concern throughout the cancer trajectory across all age groups and diagnoses, emphasizing the need to integrate pain assessment and management across the continuum of cancer survivorship and across care settings. Types of pain, pain patterns, assessment of cancer pain in cancer survivors, current strategies and challenges for management, and effective communication and documentation of the process are described. Communication between and among health care clinicians in a way that effectively articulates the individual patient experience, including documentation in the electronic medical record, requires consistent workflows and terminology. The opioid crisis increases the urgency in effective strategies for interdisciplinary pain assessment and management.Implications for nursing practice:Oncology clinicians must be able to adequately assess pain, track pain over time, understand and implement a cadre of strategies to manage pain, and effectively pursue any suspicious pain patterns that may indicate recurrence or progression of cancer or other underlying etiologies. The oncology nurse is at the core of patient-clinician communication, critical to effectively describing pain as experienced by the individual patient and continues to play a key role in maintaining consistency of message that is necessary to manage pain over the continuum of cancer survivorship.

Strategies of complementary and integrative therapies in cancer-related pain-attaining exhaustive cancer pain management.
Article:Purpose:Complementary integrative therapies (CITs) correspond to growing demand in patients with cancer-related pain. This demand needs to be considered alongside pharmaceutical and/or interventional therapies. CITs can be used to cover certain specific pain-related characteristics. The objective of this review is to present the options for CITs that could be used within dynamic, multidisciplinary, and personalized management, leading to an integrative oncology approach.Methods:Critical reflection based on literature analysis and clinical practice.Results:Most CITs only showed trends in efficacy as cancer pain was mainly a secondary endpoint, or populations were restricted. Physical therapy has demonstrated efficacy in motion and pain, in some specific cancers (head and neck or breast cancers) or in treatments sequelae (lymphedema). In cancer survivors, higher levels of physical activity decrease pain intensity. Due to the multimorphism of cancer pain, certain mind-body therapies acting on anxiety, stress, depression, or mood disturbances (such as massage, acupuncture, healing touch, hypnosis, and music therapy) are efficient on cancer pain. Other mind-body therapies have shown trends in reducing the severity of cancer pain and improving other parameters, and they include education (with coping skills training), yoga, tai chi/qigong, guided imagery, virtual reality, and cognitive-behavioral therapy alone or combined. The outcome sustainability of most CITs is still questioned.Conclusions:High-quality clinical trials should be conducted with CITs, as their efficacy on pain is mainly based on efficacy trends in pain severity, professional judgment, and patient preferences. Finally, the implementation of CITs requires an interdisciplinary team approach to offer optimal, personalized, cancer pain management.

Cancer Pain Management Considerations in Older Adults.
Article:Objective:To address the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of aging and its impact on the complexities of pain management in older adults with cancer. To describe assessment and nursing strategies for individualized care and side effect management DATA SOURCES: Peer-reviewed articles.Conclusion:Cancer pain is a complex problem in older adults because of the variations in aging and alterations in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics. Pain management must be based on thorough assessment, incorporating the unique factors of each patient. Ongoing follow-up is critical to ensure adequate pain control with optimization of functional status.Implications for nursing practice:Awareness of physiological changes of aging is important in caring for older adults. Oncology nurses can play a key role in the assessment of older adults with cancer and education of patients and caregivers regarding pain medications, side-effects, and oral adherence.

Psychological and Non-Pharmacologic Treatments for Pain in Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Article:Context:Pain is the most fearful symptom in cancer. Although there is a relationship between psychosocial variables and oncologic pain, psychological and non-pharmacological treatments for pain management in cancer patients are not very widespread.Objectives:To analyze the efficacy of psychological and non-pharmacological treatments for reducing pain in cancer patients.Methods:We performed a systematic review following the PRISMA protocol. In January 2021, data were extracted from PubMed, Web of Science and Scopus, including randomised controlled trials (RCT) published in the last five years (from 28 January, 2015 to December 15, 2020), in the English language and whose sample was patients with cancer pain. The database search used the following keywords: cancer, cancer-related pain, psychological intervention, non-pharmacologic intervention. The Cochrane risk of bias assess ment for randomised trials (RoB 2) was used for quality appraisal.Results:After the inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied, ten papers were fully screened. The evidence suggested that the most effective interventions to reduce cancer pain were mindfulness-based cognitive therapy, guided imagery and progressive muscle relaxation and emotional and symptom focused engagement (EASE). Music therapy and brief cognitive behavioral strategies (CBS) require more research, while coping skills training and yoga did not show positive effects. Overall, we obtained a moderate size effect (d = 0.642, 95% CI: 0.125-1.158) favourable to psychological and non-pharmacologic treatments at post-treatment, which increased at follow-up (k = 5, d = 0.826, 95% CI: 0.141-1.511).Conclusion:This study provides insight into psychological interventions which might be applied and contribute to cancer-related pain reduction in adults. Although the results are not completely consistent, they may shed light on psychology applications in the oncology environment.

Cancer pain: where are we now?
Article:Increasing numbers of those living with and beyond cancer presents a clinical challenge for pain specialists. A large proportion of these patients experience pain secondary to their disease or its treatment, impeding rehabilitation and significantly impacting upon their quality of life. The successful management of this pain presents a considerable challenge. This review aims to outline current concepts and treatment options, while considering nuances within pain assessment and the use of large-scale data to help guide further advances.

Psychosocial Interventions for Pain Management in Advanced Cancer Patients: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Article:Purpose of review:This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize the evidence on the effects of psychosocial interventions on pain in advanced cancer patients.Recent findings:The included studies investigated the effects of relaxation techniques, cognitive-behavioral therapy, music therapy, mindfulness- and acceptance-based interventions, and supportive-expressive group therapy. Overall, we found a small, but significant effect on pain intensity (d = - 0.29, CI = - 0.54 to - 0.05). Effect sizes were highly heterogeneous between studies. We did not find evidence for the superiority of any of the intervention types. However, psychosocial interventions may be more effective if they specifically targeted pain distress as the primary outcome. Although findings were mixed, psychosocial interventions can be recommended to complement comprehensive care to alleviate pain in patients facing an advanced or terminal stage of the disease. Future research should develop innovative interventions tailored specifically for pain relief.

Percutaneous Management of Cancer Pain.
Article:Purpose of review:To describe several effective imaging-guided, minimally invasive treatments to relieve cancer-associated pain in oncologic patients. Clinical applications, technical considerations, and current controversies are addressed.Recent findings:The great variability in tumor subtype, location, and growth rates dictate the necessity for a tailored treatment approach. While opioids and radiotherapy may provide adequate relief for some patients, alternative minimally invasive procedures may augment theses more traditional treatments or even provide superior palliative relief. Recent image-guided percutaneous techniques applied to reduce cancer-associated pain and minimize opioid dependence include neurolysis, ablation, high intensity focused ultrasound, and bone consolidation. Each technique treats cancer pain in a unique method. Minimally invasive interventional radiology techniques can provide effective and lasting pain palliation for cancer patients through both indirect and direct effects. Selection among treatments techniques should be based upon an individually tailored approach, to include consideration of all treatment modalities.

Interventional pain management in patients with cancer-related pain.
Article:Invasive interventional procedures for managing pain in cancer patients are often underutilized following the popularization of the WHO analgesic ladder. The procedures that were successfully used until then were relegated away from mainstream palliative care practice, with the advent of newer opioids and adjuvants. Even though nerve blocks, intrathecal pumps and spinal cord stimulation were reintroduced as the fourth step of the WHO ladder, often referrals for these procedures are too late to produce a meaningful effect on quality of life. At this point most patients have advanced disease and are requiring end of life care. Additionally, it is becoming evident that at least 10% of patients do not achieve good quality analgesia with oral opioids and are often troubled by unacceptable side effects. There is an increasing public awareness of the problems with long-term opioid therapy and some of these patients would certainly benefit from invasive procedures to alleviate their pain and improve their quality of life. Improving life quality and expectancy with better treatment options and increasing number of cancer survivors should be heralding a change and hence neurolytic procedures are to be used only in patients with limited life expectancy. ITDDs, neuromodulation and ever-increasing use of procedures routinely used in treating chronic nonmalignant pain would be the mainstay of interventional management until AI and nanotechnology would open doors for novel treatment options. Interventions should not be used as a last resort after multiple failed attempts at opioid therapy, but as an integral part of a management strategy including medical management, psychological and emotional welfare, and supportive care of the patient in a holistic manner. The curriculum of specialists should include appropriate training to safely perform and produce better quality evidence to validate the efficacy and safety of these challenging procedures.

Pharmacist Involvement in Cancer Pain Management: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Article:This review aimed to critically evaluate the impact of pharmacist involvement in managing pain in cancer patients. Databases (including MEDLINE, Embase and CENTRAL) were searched with a broad search strategy for studies involving pharmacists and cancer pain management until February 10, 2021. The quality of studies and evidence were assessed using standardized tools and GRADE, respectively. A random-effects model was used for meta-analysis. Sixty-four studies were included. Common interventions delivered by the pharmacists were medication review, patient education, adverse drug reactions (ADRs) detection and management, pharmacological recommendations (in dosing and pharmacotherapy choice), and pain assessment. A pooled analysis of 3 randomized control trials showed a significant reduction in pain intensity with a standardized mean difference (SMD) of 0.35 [95% confidence intervals (CI): -0.55, -0.16]. Pooled analyses from nonrandomized studies of interventions also showed significant results in reduction of ADRs with an odds ratio of 0.69 (95% CI: 0.61, 0.79) and improvement in quality of life with SMD of 0.80 (95% CI: 0.29, 1.32). Thus, pharmacists significantly improve the clinical outcomes of cancer patients related to pain. This indicates the involvement of pharmacists directly or in collaboration with healthcare professionals in the oncology team is highly beneficial for the patients. PERSPECTIVES: This systematic review presents a comprehensive evaluation of pharmacist involvement in cancer pain management. This shows the importance of direct involvement of the pharmacist or as an important member of the multidisciplinary oncology team.

Cancer Pain Management: A Narrative Review of Current Concepts, Strategies, and Techniques.
Article:Pain is frequently reported during cancer disease, and it still remains poorly controlled in 40% of patients. Recent developments in oncology have helped to better control pain. Targeted treatments may cure cancer disease and significantly increase survival. Therefore, a novel population of patients (cancer survivors) has emerged, also enduring chronic pain (27.6% moderate to severe pain). The present review discusses the different options currently available to manage pain in (former) cancer patients in light of progress made in the last decade. Major progress in the field includes the recent development of a chronic cancer pain taxonomy now included in the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11) and the update of the WHO analgesic ladder. Until recently, cancer pain management has mostly relied on pharmacotherapy, with opioids being considered as the mainstay. The opioids crisis has prompted the reassessment of opioids use in cancer patients and survivors. This review focuses on the current utilization of opioids, the neuropathic pain component often neglected, and the techniques and non-pharmacological strategies available which help to personalize patient treatment. Cancer pain management is now closer to the management of chronic non-cancer pain, i.e., "an integrative and supportive pain care" aiming to improve patient's quality of life.

Cancer induced bone pain: current management and future perspectives.
Article:Recent improvements in the therapeutic armamentarium of oncology by the addition of targeted and immunotherapeutic agents have led to an increase in the life expectancy of advanced-stage cancer patients. This has led to an increased number of patients presenting with bone metastasis and experiencing episodes of cancer-induced bone pain (CIBP). CIBP is a crippling, chronic, morbid state interfering significantly with the functional capacity and the quality of life (QoL). CIBP is characterized by a complex multifactorial pathophysiological mechanism involving tumor cells, bone cells, inflammatory microenvironment, and the neuronal tissue. It may not be possible to mitigate pain completely; therefore, the aim should be to reach the lowest possible level of pain that allows for an acceptable QoL to the patient. Multimodality approach of surgical, radiation, medical and behavioral techniques is thus recommended to manage CIBP. This review discusses the pathogenesis and pathophysiological mechanism accompanying bone metastasis and CIBP, currently approved therapies for the management of CIBP, and the future perspective.

A Review and Conceptual Analysis of Cancer Pain Self-Management.
Article:Objectives:In this concept analysis article, we will clarify the concept "self-management of cancer pain" by identifying related antecedents, attributes, and consequences to further refine the conceptual and operational definitions of the concept.Design:A review was conducted.Review/analysis methods:The Walker and Avant method was used for this concept analysis.Data sources:CINAHL, PubMed, and PsycInfo were searched systemically.A total of eight studies on "self-management of cancer pain or self-care of cancer pain" published between 2004 and 2019 were identified.Results:Attributes for self-management of cancer pain include self-efficacy, integration of methods for pain relief into daily life, decision-making related to pain management, process for solving pain-related issues, and initiation of interactions with healthcare professionals. Antecedents include knowledge regarding pain assessment and management, cognitive abilities, motivation, undergoing pain treatment, patient education and counseling, social support, and accountability from all parties involved. Consequences include pain control, improved quality of life, and increased opioid intake.Conclusions:Self-management of cancer pain was reported to be a self-regulation process with the aim to encourage patients to use skills attained through development of self-efficacy, so they can actively participate in their pain management. This outcome may enhance their quality of life by decreasing their pain, depression, and anxiety and increasing the availability of social support.

An Overview of Cancer Pain: Epidemiology and Pathophysiology.
Article:Objective:To present an overview of the epidemiology and pathophysiology of cancer pain related to disease and treatment.Data sources:Published manuscripts, Web sites, and textbook chapters.Conclusion:Current knowledge of cancer pain epidemiology and pathophysiology widens and focuses the opportunities to prevent, limit, and treat cancer pain.Implications for nursing practice:Nurses' knowledge of transduction, transmission, perception, and modulation in cancer pain pathophysiology outlines pathways for multimodal approaches to treat complex and diverse pain experiences. Use of standard vocabulary of pain terms and definitions facilitates pain assessment and management across different disciplines.

Perspectives on Cancer Pain Assessment and Management in Children.
Article:Objective:To report evidence regarding pain assessment and management for children and adolescents receiving treatment for cancer.Data sources:Published research and clinical guidelines.Conclusion:Children and adolescents experience multiple sources of pain across the cancer continuum. They require developmentally relevant approaches when assessing and managing pain. This review suggests that consideration of the developmental stage and age of the child are essential in both pain assessment and pain management.Implications for nursing practice:Pediatric oncology nurses play a key role in developmentally appropriate pain assessment, identification of potential strategies to manage pain, and delivery of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies.

Development and Testing of a Mobile App for Pain Management Among Cancer Patients Discharged From Hospital Treatment: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Article:Background:The incidence of cancer pain increases in discharged patients because of discontinued standard treatments and reductions in medication adherence. Motivated by the need for better pain management in discharged patients, we developed a mobile phone app (Pain Guard) to provide continuous treatment information and feedback to discharged cancer patients suffering from pain.Objective:The aim was to design, construct, and test the Pain Guard app in patients managing cancer pain, evaluate the total remission rate of pain and the improvement in quality of life (QoL) to improve pain management for cancer pain patients, and assess patient acceptance of the app.Methods:This randomized controlled double-arm study involved 58 patients with cancer pain symptoms. Participants were randomly assigned to a group receiving care through the Pain Guard app (n=31) or to a control group (n=27) who received only traditional pharmaceutical care. In a pretest, participants were rated using a baseline cancer pain assessment and QoL evaluation. During treatment, the consumption levels of analgesic drugs were recorded every week. After a 4-week study period, another round of cancer pain assessment and QoL evaluation was conducted. The system's usability, feasibility, app compliance, and satisfaction were also assessed. Our primary outcome was remission rate of pain, and secondary outcomes were medication adherence, improvements in QoL, frequency of breakthrough cancer pain (BTcP), incidence of adverse reactions, and satisfaction of patients.Results:All participants (N=58) successfully completed the study. There were no significant differences in baseline pain scores or baseline QoL scores between groups. At the end of the study, the rate of pain remission in the trial group was significantly higher than that in the control group (P<.001). The frequency of BTcP in the app group was considerably lower than that in the control group (P<.001). The rate of medication adherence in the trial group was considerably higher than that in the control group (P<.001). Improvements in global QoL scores in the trial group were also significantly higher than those in the control group (P<.001). The incidence of adverse reactions in the trial group (7/31) was lower than that in the control group (12/27), especially constipation, with significant differences (P=.01). The 31 participants in the trial group completed a satisfaction survey regarding Pain Guard: 23 (74%) indicated that they were satisfied with receiving pharmaceutical care by Pain Guard, 5 (16%) indicated that they were somewhat satisfied, 2 (6%) indicated neutral feelings, and 1 (3%) indicated that they were somewhat dissatisfied; no participants indicated that they were very dissatisfied.Conclusions:Pain Guard was effective for the management of pain in discharged patients with cancer pain, and its operability was effective and easily accepted by patients.Trial registration:Chinese Clinical Trials Registry ChiCTR1800016066; http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=27153.

CANCER PAIN AND THERAPY.
Article:Cancer pain is not a homogenous and clearly understood pathological process. The best treatment is a combination of drug and non-drug measures. Pain is divided into visceral, bone or neuropathic pain and has characteristics of continuous or intermittent pain. Cancer bone pain therapy remains centered on strong opioid, radiotherapy and bisphosphonates. Invasive procedures are aimed to improve neurological function, ambulation and pain relief. Solid tumors often demand surgery. Treatment of acute postoperative pain is crucial for the prevention of chronic pain. Chemotherapy and radiation sometimes also cause pain. The management of cancer pain has improved because of rapid diagnosis and treatment, understanding of analgesics and the cooperation of patients and their family. The presence of special pain centers in hospitals also raise standard of cancer pain management. Drug therapy with non-opioid, opioid and adjuvant drugs is the base of such management. The side effects must be monitored and timely treated. Methods of regional nerve blockade in pain control are numerous. Placement of epidural, intrathecal and subcutaneous catheters, conductive nerve blocks with continuous delivery of mixed local anesthetics are very successful for selected patients. Conventional physical therapy involving lymphatic drainage is useful. Acupuncture, psychotherapy and similar methods are also applicable.

[The management of multimorphic cancer pain, from diagnosis to treatment].
Article:Cancer pain remains a major public health issue. Despite progress in pain medicine thanks to the interest shown in early and timely supportive care, more than half the patients managed for cancer are in pain. One of the key factors in high quality multidisciplinary management throughout the care pathway is to assess more than just pain: it is necessary to assess the patient as a whole. Understanding the complexity of cancer pain - or the various types of pain - through the innovative multimorphic cancer pain model, effectively opens up new perspectives for a targeted, personalised, and multimodal approach. The subsequent treatment strategies, whether drug-based with opioids, or interventional, are codified by guidelines based on scientific evidence for the healthcare professionals and, ultimately, patients.

Family Caregiving and Cancer Pain Management.
Article:Family caregivers are centrally involved in cancer pain management, especially for patients with advanced disease. This issue is becoming ever more important as care shifts to the outpatient setting and home care and as the aging population creates more patients who have multiple illnesses and family caregivers who often live with serious illnesses. This narrative review evaluated current knowledge and literature regarding family caregivers' involvement in cancer pain management and identified areas for future research and clinical practice. There is a need for additional research in this area and for clinical models of support for family caregivers as they provide pain management for patients with cancer.

