Interventions for the Management of Acute and Chronic Low Back Pain: Revision 2021.
Article:Low back pain (LBP) remains a musculoskeletal condition with an adverse societal impact. Globally, LBP is highly prevalent and a leading cause of disability. This is an update to the 2012 Academy of Orthopaedic Physical Therapy (AOPT), formerly the Orthopaedic Section of the American Physical Therapy Association (APTA), clinical practice guideline (CPG) for LBP. The overall objective of this update was to provide recommendations on interventions delivered by physical therapists or studied in care settings that included physical therapy providers. It also focused on synthesizing new evidence, with the purpose of making recommendations for specific nonpharmacologic treatments.J Orthop Sports Phys Ther 2021;51(11):CPG1-CPG60. doi:10.2519/jospt.2021.0304.

Benefits of physical therapy in improving quality of life and pain associated with endometriosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Article:Objective:To assess whether non-pharmacologic conservative therapeutic interventions are beneficial in improving pain intensity and quality of life in women with endometriosis compared with placebo.Methods:A systematic review with meta-analysis was designed. A literature search was performed in the following databases: PubMed, PEDro, Embase, CINAHL, Isi Web of Science, Enfispo, and Cochrane. Randomized controlled trials included women with endometriosis treated with conservative treatment versus placebo. The quality of the studies was assessed using the PEDro scale, and the risk of bias of the individual studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool. For the overall quality of the studies, the GRADE guidelines were used.Results:Meta-analysis included six studies. Significant results were obtained for pain intensity (standardized mean difference [SMD] -0.89; 95% confidence interval [CI] -1.21 to -0.57; I269%) and concerning quality of life, significant results were only obtained for the sub-variable physical function (SMD -1.49; 95% CI -2.88 to -0.10; I295%). No statistically significant differences were found for the rest of the variables analyzed.Conclusion:Non-pharmacologic conservative therapies are a therapeutic option for women with endometriosis for improving pain intensity and physical function.

Efficacy of Physiotherapy Treatment in Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Article:Primary dysmenorrhea (PD) refers to painful cramps before and/or during menstruation. There is a need for emphasis on alternative methods of conservative treatment, so as to reduce the dependence on drugs for alleviating the symptoms. The aim was to find out the effectiveness of some physiotherapy techniques in the treatment of PD. A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted according to PRISMA standards. The descriptors were "dysmenorrhea", "physical the-rapy", "physiotherapy", and "manual therapy". The search was performed in five databases: Scopus, PubMed, PEDro, Web of Science, and Medline, in February 2021. The inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials over the last six years. Articles not related to the treatment of PD or using pharmacology as the main treatment were excluded. Nine articles met the objectives and criteria, with a total of 692 participants. The most used scale to measure pain was the VAS (visual analogue scale). The main techniques were isometric exercises, massage therapy, yoga, electrotherapy, connective tissue manipulation, stretching, kinesio tape, progressive relaxation exercises and aerobic dance. Meta-analysis shows benefits of physiotherapy treatment for pain relief compared with no intervention or placebo (MD: -1.13, 95% CI: -1.61 to -0.64, I2: 88%). The current low-quality evidence suggests that physiotherapy may provide a clinically significant reduction in menstrual pain intensity. Given the overall health benefits of physiotherapy and the low risk of side effects reported, women may consider using it, either alone or in conjunction with other therapeutic modalities.

Comparative effectiveness of routine physical therapy with and without instrument assisted soft tissue mobilization in patients with neck pain due to upper crossed syndrome.
Article:Objectives:To determine the effectiveness of routine physical therapy with and without instrument-assisted soft tissue mobilisation on pain intensity and range of motion in patients with neck pain due to upper crossed syndrome.Methods:The randomised controlled trial was conducted from January to March 2020, and comprised diagnosed male patients aged 18-40 years of upper crossed syndrome complaining of neck pain visiting the Agile Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation Complex and the National Orthopaedic Hospital, Bahawalpur, Pakistan. The subjects were randomised into control group A which received routine physical therapy and experimental group B which received instrument-assisted soft tissue mobilization along with routine physical therapy. The inclinometer was used to measure range of motion and the numeric pain rating scale for pain measurement. Data was analysed using SPSS 22.Results:Of the 60 subjects, there were 30(50%) in group A with a mean age of 31.50±6.388 years and 30(50%) in group B with a mean age of 32.60±5.55 years. Pain rating at baseline in group B compared to group A show significant difference (p=0.01). Neck range of motion, including flexion, neck right bending, and neck left bending showed significant differences between the groups (p<0.05). The results for neck extension showed that both techniques were equally effective (p>0.05).Conclusions:Instrument-assisted soft tissue mobilisation with combination of stretching exercises was found to be more effective in the management of neck pain in upper crossed syndrome compared to routine physical therapy.Registration number:IRCT20190912044754N1.

Clinical outcomes and cost-effectiveness of massage chair therapy versus basic physiotherapy in lower back pain patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Article:Introduction:Low back pain is a chronic recurrent symptom, which can lower the patient's quality of life. With technological development of automated home massage systems, now offers a promising alternative to physiotherapy. However, thus far, the effectiveness of such methods has not been evaluated. We aimed to compare the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of a massage chair with those of conventional physiotherapy for the treatment.Methods:This was a randomized controlled trial with a two-group parallel design. Following randomization and allocation, 56 participants were enrolled to receive either physiotherapy (n = 25) or mechanical massage using the massage chair (n = 31). Pain severity was measured using a visual analog scale (VAS) and satisfaction assessed with the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ). Quality of life modification was analyzed using the Functional Rating Index (FRI). Cost-effectiveness was analyzed by comparing the sum of physiotherapy fees and monthly rental fees for chair massage.Results:Physiotherapy and massage chair were both effective for pain control as assessed with the VAS (P < .001), satisfaction as assessed by MPQ (P < .001) and life quality improvement as assessed by FRI (P < .001) in both groups. Both VAS and FRI scores were significantly higher for physiotherapy than for massage chair (P = .03 and P = .03, respectively). There was no significant difference in MPQ between the two groups. Massage chair therapy was more cost-effective than physiotherapy, at only 60.17% of the physiotherapy cost (P < .001).Conclusions:The home massage chair system was cost-effective, but pain control and disability improved more with physiotherapy. However, our results showed that the massage chair is a promising treatment for pain control and quality of life modification, but efficacy is still superior in physiotherapy and the chair is not a replacement for physiotherapy.Trial registration:Clinical Research Information Service, KCT0003157. Retrospectively registered August 2, 2018.

The comparison between the effects of pain education interventions with online and face-to-face exercise and the control group received biomedical education + standardized physical therapy in patients with chronic nonspecific neck pain during COVID-19: protocol for a parallel-group randomized controlled trial.
Article:Background:Various psychological issues and serious health concerns during the imposed lockdown by coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) have induced many changes in the treatment of patients. More effective self-management strategies through tele-rehabilitation are suggested to be applied for patients with chronic neck pain to reduce referrals to health cares and disability support through COVID-19. Also, the pain neuroscience education (PNE) approach is an educational method used by health professionals to assist patients in understanding the biology, physiology, and psychosocial factors affecting their pain experience and aligning with the cognitions and beliefs associated with pain and recurrent disability. PNE combined with tele-rehabilitation could be a new solution to encourage patients to manage their condition by themselves and increase the continuity of practice instead of face-to-face sessions.Objective:This randomized control trial (RCT) aims to investigate the effects of PNE with online and face-to-face exercise interventions, and the control group received biomedical education + standardized physical therapy on neck pain and disability, psychological factors, and function in non-traumatic chronic neck pain.Methods/design:Patients with non-traumatic chronic neck pain (patient-centered care and active involvement of patients and the public) will be recruited via flyers displayed in hospitals and universities to participate in an RCT with two experimental and one control group designed to investigate the effects of PNE with online and face-to-face exercise interventions, and the control group received biomedical education + standardized physical therapy on neck pain and disability, psychological factors, and function in non-traumatic chronic neck pain. The outcomes will be measured at baseline, after PNE, and after 3 months of an exercise intervention. All outcomes are presented as mean ± SD, and statistical significance was set at α level of < 0.05. The normal distribution of the variables was verified by the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, following a descriptive analysis.Discussion:It seems that PNE plus online and face-to-face exercise interventions are appropriate educational models for the treatment of patients with neck pain during COVID-19. Also, online training seems to encourage patients to continue their treatment.Trial registration:Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT20150503022068N5. Registered on 09 September 2021.

Isokinetic back training is more effective than core stabilization training on pain intensity and sports performances in football players with chronic low back pain: A randomized controlled trial.
Article:Background:Isokinetic training (IKT) and core stabilization training (CST) are commonly used for balance training in musculoskeletal conditions. The knowledge about the effective implementation of these training protocols on sports performances in university football players with chronic low back pain (LBP) is lacking.Objective:To find and compare the effects of IKT and CST on sports performances in university football players with chronic LBP.Design:Randomized, double-blinded controlled study.Setting:University hospital.Participants:Sixty LBP participants divided into isokinetic group (IKT; n = 20), core stabilization group (CST; n = 20), and the control group (n = 20) and received respected exercises for 4 weeks.Outcome measures:Clinical (pain intensity and player wellness) and sports performances (40 m sprint, 4 × 5 m sprint, submaximal shuttle running, counter movement jump, and squat jump) scores were measured at baseline, after 4 weeks, 8 weeks, and 3 months.Results:Four weeks following training IKT group shows more significant changes in pain intensity and player wellness scores than CST and control groups (P ≤ .001). Sports performance variables (40 m sprint, 4 × 5 m sprint, submaximal shuttle running, counter movement jump and squat jump) scores also show significant improvement in IKT group than the other 2 groups (P ≤ .001).Conclusion:This study suggests that training through IKT improves pain intensity and sports performances than CST in university football players with chronic LBP.

Physical Therapy Considerations and Recommendations for Patients Following Spinal Cord Stimulator Implant Surgery.
Article:Objectives:Spinal cord stimulation (SCS) is an established therapy option in interventional pain medicine. Recent advances in technology have allowed for greater compliance with treatment and improved efficacy in pain control. This article was proposed to fill the gap in the literature addressing this specific patient population and to facilitate further research. Even though there is a lack of consensus among societies and experts on exact parameters of physical therapy (PT) considerations and postoperative limitations in patients with SCS, we propose rehabilitative care for this population should be standardized. As the number of patients with SCS implants grow, it is vital to understand how to appropriately approach patients with implantable devices when additional treatments such as PT are prescribed.Materials and methods:A literature search was performed on the use of PT following SCS implantation. Presently, there is no literature to date which addresses the use of PT in this patient population. The lack of data is the largest hurdle in the creation of formal SCS therapy guidelines. The authors therefore proposed recommendations for rehabilitation based upon a detailed understanding of SCS hardware alongside well-studied physiotherapy concepts.Results:Considerations when initiating PT in the SCS patient population should include: 1) biomechanics and quality of SCS output; 2) therapeutic exercise and spinal manipulation in association with risk for lead migration and fracture; 3) the application of therapeutic modalities and risk for injury to the patient and/or damage to the SCS componentry; and 4) integration of a biopsychosocial, person-centered approach.Conclusions:PT treatment protocol in patients with a recently implanted SCS device should be person-centered addressing individual needs, values, and goals. Further research is needed to fully appreciate the impact of an interprofessional approach to management of SCS patients, particularly following stimulator implantation.

Efficacy of Physical Therapy on Nociceptive Pain Processing Alterations in Patients with Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Article:Introduction:Chronic musculoskeletal pain is a major health, social, and economic problem. Most of the subjects who suffer from chronic musculoskeletal pain present processes of central sensitization. Temporal summation and conditioned pain modulation are the two most commonly used clinical measures of this. The objective of this review is to evaluate the effects of physical therapy on temporal summation (TS) and conditioned pain modulation (CPM) in patients with chronic musculoskeletal pain.Methods:This is a systematic review and meta-analysis. We searched the MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, EBSCO, PubMed, PEDro, Cochrane Collaboration Trials Register, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and SCOPUS databases. Different mesh terms and key words were combined for the search strategy, with the aim of encompassing all studies that have used any type of physical therapy treatment in patients with chronic musculoskeletal pain and have measured both TS and CPM.Results:Eighteen studies remained for qualitative analysis and 16 for quantitative analysis. Statistically significant differences with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were obtained for TS (-0.21, 95% CI = -0.39 to -0.03, Z = 2.50, P = 0.02, N = 721) and CPM (0.34, 95% CI = 0.12 to 0.56, Z = 2.99, P = 0.003, N = 680) in favor of physical therapy as compared with control. Manual therapy produces a slight improvement in TS, and physical therapy modalities in general improve CPM. No significant differences between the subgroups of the meta-analysis were found. The methodological quality of the studies was high.Conclusions:Physical therapy produces a slight improvement in central sensitization (CS)-related variables, with TS decreased and CPM increased when compared with a control group in patients with CMP. Only significant differences in TS were identified in the manual therapy subgroup.

