Pain management after open liver resection: Procedure-Specific Postoperative Pain Management (PROSPECT) recommendations.
Article:Background and objectives:Effective pain control improves postoperative rehabilitation and enhances recovery. The aim of this review was to evaluate the available evidence and to develop recommendations for optimal pain management after open liver resection using Procedure-Specific Postoperative Pain Management (PROSPECT) methodology.Strategy and selection criteria:Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in the English language from January 2010 to October 2019 assessing pain after liver resection using analgesic, anesthetic or surgical interventions were identified from MEDLINE, Embase and Cochrane databases.Results:Of 121 eligible studies identified, 31 RCTs and 3 systematic reviews met the inclusion criteria. Preoperative and intraoperative interventions that improved postoperative pain relief were non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, continuous thoracic epidural analgesia, and subcostal transversus abdominis plane (TAP) blocks. Limited procedure-specific evidence was found for intravenous dexmedetomidine, intravenous magnesium, intrathecal morphine, quadratus lumborum blocks, paravertebral nerve blocks, continuous local anesthetic wound infiltration and postoperative interpleural local anesthesia. No evidence was found for intravenous lidocaine, ketamine, dexamethasone and gabapentinoids.Conclusions:Based on the results of this review, we suggest an analgesic strategy for open liver resection, including acetaminophen and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, combined with thoracic epidural analgesia or bilateral oblique subcostal TAP blocks. Systemic opioids should be considered as rescue analgesics. Further high-quality RCTs are needed to confirm and clarify the efficacy of the recommended analgesic regimen in the context of an enhanced recovery program.

Pain in Parkinson's disease: Mechanism-based treatment strategies.
Article:Purpose of review:Chronic pain, highly prevalent throughout the course of Parkinson's disease (PD), has been ranked as one of the top ten most bothersome symptoms people with Parkinson's (PwP) are experiencing. Yet, robust evidence-based treatment strategies are lacking. This unmet need is partly attributable to the multifaceted nature of PD-related pain, which results in part from a complex and poorly understood interplay involving a range of neurotransmitter pathways. Degeneration of nigrostriatal dopaminergic pathways and alterations of central nervous system extra-striatal dopaminergic, noradrenergic, serotoninergic, glutamatergic, opioidergic and endocannabinoid circuits may all promote a heightened experience of pain in PwP. Thus, the potential targets for mechanism-based pain-relieving strategies in PwP are several. These targets are discussed herein.Recent findings:An increasing number of clinical trials and experimental studies in animal models of PD are being designed with the aim of addressing the pathophysiological mechanism(s) underlying PD-related pain. Overall, recent research findings highlight the analgesic effects of dopaminergic and opioidergic medication for certain subtypes of pain in PwP, whereas proposing novel strategies that involve targeting other neurotransmitter pathways.Summary:The origin of pain in PwP remains under investigation. Although our understanding of the mechanisms underpinning persistent pain in PD has improved in recent years, this has not yet translated to clinical alleviation of this most troublesome nonmotor symptom. Patient stratification linked with evidence-based personalized pain-treatment plans for optimal analgesic relief will rely on advances in our understanding of the dopaminergic and nondopaminergic targets outlined in this review.

Virtual reality for acute and chronic pain management in adult patients: a narrative review.
Article:Virtual reality is a computer-generated environment that immerses the user in an interactive artificial world. This ability to distract from reality has been utilised for the purposes of providing pain relief from noxious stimuli. As technology rapidly matures, there is potential for anaesthetists and pain physicians to incorporate virtual reality devices as non-pharmacological therapy in a multimodal pain management strategy. This systematic narrative review evaluates clinical studies that used virtual reality in adult patients for management of acute and chronic pain. A literature search found 690 citations, out of which 18 studies satisfied the inclusion criteria. Studies were assessed for quality using the Jadad and Nottingham-Ottawa Scales. Agreement on scores between independent assessors was 0.87 (95%CI 0.73-0.94). Studies investigated virtual reality use: intra-operatively; for labour analgesia; for wound dressing changes; and in multiple chronic pain conditions. Twelve studies showed reduced pain scores in acute or chronic pain with virtual reality therapy, five studies showed no superiority to control treatment arms and in one study, the virtual reality exposure group had a worsening of acute pain scores. Studies were heterogeneous in: methods; patient population; and type of virtual reality used. These limitations suggest the evidence-base in adult patients is currently immature and more rigorous studies are required to validate the use of virtual reality as a non-pharmacological adjunct in multimodal pain management.

African American Young Adults' Pain and Pain Reduction Strategies.
Article:Background:Effective acute pain management strategies are important for young adults in order to reduce risk for transition to chronic pain.Aim:To describe pain and pain self-management strategies used by African American young adults.Design & setting:A national online cross-sectional survey design was used.Participant/subjects:Ninety-four African Americans Qualtrics panelists ages 18-25 who reported previous experience with acute pain responded. Methods: Respondents completed the Brief Pain Inventory Short Form to describe their pain intensity, pain interference with function, pain self-management, and percent of relief obtained from their self-management.Results:African American young adults reported pain primarily in the back (n = 22, 23.4%) and head (n = 19, 20.2%), with moderate pain intensity M = 4.5 (standard deviation [SD] = 1.79) and pain interference with function M = 4.6 (SD = 2.36). African American young adults described their worst pain in the last 24 hours as M = 5.7 (SD = 2.01), least pain as M = 3.4 (SD = 2.41), and average pain as M = 5.1 (SD = 2.09). They reported 61.3% pain relief from self-treatment. A total of 45 (47.9%) reported no pain self-management strategies.Conclusions:African American young adults report moderate levels of pain intensity and pain interference with function. A significant number report no pain self-management strategies. Focused pain assessment and education about efficacious pain self-management strategies, both pharmacological and complementary, could assist young African Americans to reduce their pain and risk of chronic pain in the future.

Treatment Strategies for Generator Pocket Pain.
Article:Objective:Generator site pain is a relatively common phenomenon in patients undergoing spinal cord stimulation (SCS) that complicates management and effective pain relief. This pain may be managed conservatively, with repositioning of the battery and, in some cases, with explant. Here we explore our experience with management of generator site pain ("pocket pain") in a large single-center study.Methods:All SCS permanent implants and implantable pulse generator (IPG) placements over 9 years were reviewed. Of 785 cases, we identified 43 patients with pocket pain (5.5%). Demographics and treatments of the pocket pain cohort were analyzed.Results:The mean age (± SEM) of the pocket pain cohort was 46.86 ± 1.06, and there were 10/33 males/females. Females were overrepresented in pocket pain cohort (76.7%) when compared with the total SCS cohort (59.0%) (X2 = 5.93, P = 0.015). Diagnosis included failed back surgery syndrome (51.2%), complex regional pain syndrome (23.3%), and chronic neuropathic pain (25.5%). No patients improved with conservative therapy. All patients either went on to revision (n = 23) or explant (n = 20). Time from initial surgery to development of pocket pain was 7.5 months (range: 0.3-88) and from pocket pain to revision surgery was 4.5 months (range: 0.4-26). In addition, significantly more pocket pain patients (65.1%) had workers' compensation (WC) insurance compared with patients without pocket pain (24.9%) (X2 = 33.3, P < 0.001).Conclusion:In our institutional experience, pocket pain was inadequately managed with conservative treatments. Being female and having SCS filed under WC increased risk of pocket pain. Future work will explore the nuances in device placement based on body shape and manual activity responsibilities.

Cancer Pain Treatment Strategies in Patients with Cancer.
Article:Management of cancer pain is challenging. Despite the poor evidence, opioid therapy still remains the cornerstone for the management of cancer-related pain. Opioids should be given according to the clinical presentation in the different stages of disease. There is no drug of choice, as most opioids are effective. Thus, the choice should be based on the individual characteristics of patients. Optimization of opioid therapy may allow individual treatment according to the patient's characteristics and pain syndromes, providing timely alternatives in the different stages of disease. While most patients respond to an appropriate treatment associated with a comprehensive assessment and symptom control, a high level of experience and knowledge is necessary in determining conditions to maximize the analgesic response, eventually adding adjuvants in some specific circumstances. Alternative opioids may improve the balance between analgesia and adverse effects in the presence of a poor response to the first opioid in a large number of patients. Finally, a selected population can benefit from some interventional procedures.

Perception of repeated pain relief with controllable and uncontrollable pain.
Article:Background:The ultimate goal of pain research is to provide effective routes for pain relief. Nevertheless, the perception pain relief as a change in pain intensity and un-/pleasantness has only been rarely investigated. It has been demonstrated that pain relief has rewarding and reinforcing properties, but it remains unknown whether the perception of pain relief changes when pain reductions occur repeatedly. Further, it remains an open question whether the perception of pain relief depends on the controllability of the preceding pain.Methods:In this study, healthy volunteers (N = 38) received five cycles of painful heat stimulation and reduction of this stimulation to a non-painful warm stimulation once in a condition with control of the stimulation and once without control. Participants rated perceived intensity and un-/pleasantness on visual analogue scales during the heat stimulation and immediately after its reduction.Results:Results showed that perceived pain relief, estimated by the difference in ratings during ongoing heat stimulation and after its reduction, increased with repetitions. However, this increase levelled off after two to four repetitions. Further, perceived pain relief was larger in the condition without control compared to the condition with control.Conclusion:The perception of pain relief can be modulated similar to the perception of pain by stimulus characteristics and psychological factors. Mechanistic knowledge about such modulating factors is important, because they can determine, e.g., the amount of requested pain killers in clinical settings and the efficacy of pain relief as a reinforcing stimulus.Significance:When in pain, pain relief can become an all-dominate goal. The perception of such pain relief can vary depending on external and internal characteristics and thus modulate, e.g., requests for pain killers in clinical settings. Here, we show that perceived intensity and pleasantness of pain relief changes with repetitions and whether the preceding pain is perceived as uncontrollable. Such mechanistic knowledge needs to be considered to maximize the effects of pain relief as a rewarding and reinforcing stimulus.

Positioning Effects for Procedural Pain Relief in NICU: Systematic Review.
Article:Objectives:To systematically review the literature regarding the effectiveness of different positioning methods for procedural pain relief in neonates admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU).Design:A systemized search of the literature was carried out by means of two independent evaluators through the systematic search of electronic index databases.Data sources:A search for relevant studies was performed in four databases (Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, and BVS-BIREME).Review/analysis methods:Manual searches were conducted on suitable references from the included articles, and 1,941 publications were eligible for the analysis. The flowchart for the articles' selection was based on Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) criteria, and in relation to bias risks according to the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale.Results:Based on the inclusion criteria, only 20 publications remained. According to the PEDro scale, 75% of the studies presented good methodological quality, with scores between 6 and 8, and 5% scored ≤4 points. None of them were blinded in relation to the therapies, but all of them performed intergroup statistical comparisons. According to the results of this review, we recommend facilitated tucking by parents (FTP) in NICU of at least 30 minutes duration, starting 15 minutes before, during the painful procedure, and 15 minutes after to relieve pain and to stabilize the physiological, hormonal, and behavioral responses of the newborns.Conclusions:Positioning should be used as a nonpharmacological strategy for procedural pain relief in newborns. This review showed that facilitated tucking by parents for 30 minutes was the best position for pain relief in premature newborns during procedures in the NICU. Positioning is recommended as a nonpharmacological method for pain relief; FTP of at least 30 minutes duration should be the first positioning choice during procedures in the NICU.

Neonatal Infant Pain Scale in assessing pain and pain relief for newborn male circumcision.
Article:Circumcision-partial or total removal of the penile prepuce-requires cutting nerve-laden, sensitive genital tissue and is therefore liable to be painful. The aim of this review is to evaluate the evidence concerning pain felt by newborns during circumcision and to determine whether current analgesic methods can eliminate such pain. I performed a search in medical databases, selecting the trials published in the last 20 years that assessed pain in neonatal circumcision. Twenty-three trials have been retrieved. To get reliable findings, those trials that used validated pain scales were selected; then it was investigated which trials had comparable data for using the same pain scale. The only pain scale that was used in more than two trials was the modified Neonatal Infant Pain Scale (mNIPS) that ranges 0-6. The results of these trials show that none of the analgesic strategies used obtained the absence of pain. Some differences between circumcision techniques can be noticed, but most assessments exceed the score of 3, chosen as the clinically significant pain.

Pain Relief and the Opioid Crisis in the United States and Canada.
Article:Opioid analgesics hijack the body's innate wellness machinery (eg, naloxone blocks the placebo effect) and alleviate both physical and emotional pain. Starting in the 1980s, marketing and advocacy created an opioid-centric pain relief strategy based on the idea that physicians undermanage pain and worry too much about addiction. The increase of prescription opioids in the ecosystem (along with a resurgence in heroin use) contributed to dependence, misuse, overdoses, and overdose deaths. Laws punishing undermanagement of pain from the opioid crisis combined with more recent laws punishing overprescription of opioids add to the difficulties orthopaedic surgeons have in managing the pain of surgery and acute injury. The substantial variation in pain intensity for nociception (actual or potential tissue damage) and the persistent use of opioids after healing is well established are both accounted for largely by psychosocial factors (stress, distress, and less effective coping strategies). When a patient has more pain than expected, surgeons should first rule out compartment syndrome and infection and then focus on a comprehensive team- and strategy-based approach that addresses these psychosocial factors.

Frailty and pain, human studies and animal models.
Article:The hypothesis that pain can predispose to frailty development has been recently investigated in several clinical studies suggesting that frailty and pain may share some mechanisms. Both pain and frailty represent important clinical and social problems and both lack a successful treatment. This circumstance is mainly due to the absence of in-depth knowledge of their pathological mechanisms. Evidence of shared pathways between frailty and pain are preliminary. Indeed, many clinical studies are observational and the impact of pain treatment, and relative pain-relief, on frailty onset and progression has never been investigated. Furthermore, preclinical research on this topic has yet to be performed. Specific researches on the pain-frailty relation are needed. In this narrative review, we will attempt to point out the most relevant findings present in both clinical and preclinical literature on the topic, with particular attention to genetics, epigenetics and inflammation, in order to underline the existing gaps and the potential future interventional strategies. The use of pain and frailty animal models discussed in this review might contribute to research in this area.

Postoperative pain pathophysiology and treatment strategies after CRS + HIPEC for peritoneal cancer.
Article:Background:Cytoreductive surgery (CRS) combined with hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) is a treatment choice for peritoneal cancer. However, patients commonly suffer from severe postoperative pain. The pathophysiology of postoperative pain is considered to be from both nociceptive and neuropathic origins.Main body:The recent advances on the etiology of postoperative pain after CRS + HIPEC treatment were described, and the treatment strategy and outcomes were summarized.Conclusion:Conventional analgesics could provide short-term symptomatic relief. Thoracic epidural analgesia combined with opioids administration could be an effective treatment choice. In addition, a transversus abdominis plane block could also be an alternative option, although further studies should be performed.

