Clinical Practice Guidelines for Pain Management in Acute Musculoskeletal Injury.
Article:Purpose:We aimed to produce comprehensive guidelines and recommendations that can be utilized by orthopaedic practices as well as other specialties to improve the management of acute pain following musculoskeletal injury.Methods:A panel of 15 members with expertise in orthopaedic trauma, pain management, or both was convened to review the literature and develop recommendations on acute musculoskeletal pain management. The methods described by the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation Working Group were applied to each recommendation. The guideline was submitted to the Orthopaedic Trauma Association (OTA) for review and was approved on October 16, 2018.Results:We present evidence-based best practice recommendations and pain medication recommendations with the hope that they can be utilized by orthopaedic practices as well as other specialties to improve the management of acute pain following musculoskeletal injury. Recommendations are presented regarding pain management, cognitive strategies, physical strategies, strategies for patients on long term opioids at presentation, and system implementation strategies. We recommend the use of multimodal analgesia, prescribing the lowest effective immediate-release opioid for the shortest period possible, and considering regional anesthesia. We also recommend connecting patients to psychosocial interventions as indicated and considering anxiety reduction strategies such as aromatherapy. Finally, we also recommend physical strategies including ice, elevation, and transcutaneous electrical stimulation. Prescribing for patients on long term opioids at presentation should be limited to one prescriber. Both pain and sedation should be assessed regularly for inpatients with short, validated tools. Finally, the group supports querying the relevant regional and state prescription drug monitoring program, development of clinical decision support, opioid education efforts for prescribers and patients, and implementing a department or organization pain medication prescribing strategy or policy.Conclusions:Balancing comfort and patient safety following acute musculoskeletal injury is possible when utilizing a true multimodal approach including cognitive, physical, and pharmaceutical strategies. In this guideline, we attempt to provide practical, evidence-based guidance for clinicians in both the operative and non-operative settings to address acute pain from musculoskeletal injury. We also organized and graded the evidence to both support recommendations and identify gap areas for future research.

PROSPECT guidelines update for evidence-based pain management after prostatectomy for cancer.
Article:The aim of this review was to update the recommendations for optimal pain management after open and laparoscopic or robotic prostatectomy. Optimal pain management is known to influence postoperative recovery, but patients undergoing open radical prostatectomy typically experience moderate dynamic pain in the immediate postoperative day. Robot-assisted and laparoscopic surgery may be associated with decreased pain levels as opposed to open surgery. We performed a systematic review using Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) with PROcedure SPECific Postoperative Pain ManagemenT (PROSPECT) methodology. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published in English language, from January 2015 until March 2020, assessing postoperative pain, using analgesic, anaesthetic and surgical interventions, were identified from MEDLINE, EMBASE and Cochrane Databases. Of the 1797 studies identified, 35 RCTs and 3 meta-analyses met our inclusion criteria. NSAIDs and COX-2 selective inhibitors proved to lower postoperative pain scores. Continuous intravenous lidocaine reduced postoperative pain scores during open surgery. Local wound infiltration showed positive results in open surgery. Bilateral transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block was performed at the end of surgery and lowered pain scores in robot-assisted procedures, but results were conflicting for open procedures. Basic analgesia for prostatic surgery should include paracetamol and NSAIDs or COX-2 selective inhibitors. TAP block should be recommended as the first-choice regional analgesic technique for laparoscopic/robotic radical prostatectomy. Intravenous lidocaine should be considered for open surgeries.

Chronic Pain Management Guidelines: Time for Review.
Article:The American Association of Nurse Anesthesiology (AANA) Board of Directors in November 2021 approved updated Chronic Pain Management Guidelines. Input was collected from various stakeholders, including the AANA Practice Committee, AANA staff, subject matter experts, and feedback from the Nonsurgical Pain Management Advisory Panel. A 2-week open comment period was held to solicit feedback from AANA membership on the draft document. The document adopted the recently revised definition of pain by the International Association for the Study of Pain.

PROSPECT guideline for total hip arthroplasty: a systematic review and procedure-specific postoperative pain management recommendations.
Article:The aim of this systematic review was to develop recommendations for the management of postoperative pain after primary elective total hip arthroplasty, updating the previous procedure-specific postoperative pain management (PROSPECT) guidelines published in 2005 and updated in July 2010. Randomised controlled trials and meta-analyses published between July 2010 and December 2019 assessing postoperative pain using analgesic, anaesthetic, surgical or other interventions were identified from MEDLINE, Embase and Cochrane databases. Five hundred and twenty studies were initially identified, of which 108 randomised trials and 21 meta-analyses met the inclusion criteria. Peri-operative interventions that improved postoperative pain include: paracetamol; cyclo-oxygenase-2-selective inhibitors; non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; and intravenous dexamethasone. In addition, peripheral nerve blocks (femoral nerve block; lumbar plexus block; fascia iliaca block), single-shot local infiltration analgesia, intrathecal morphine and epidural analgesia also improved pain. Limited or inconsistent evidence was found for all other approaches evaluated. Surgical and anaesthetic techniques appear to have a minor impact on postoperative pain, and thus their choice should be based on criteria other than pain. In summary, the analgesic regimen for total hip arthroplasty should include pre-operative or intra-operative paracetamol and cyclo-oxygenase-2-selective inhibitors or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, continued postoperatively with opioids used as rescue analgesics. In addition, intra-operative intravenous dexamethasone 8-10 mg is recommended. Regional analgesic techniques such as fascia iliaca block or local infiltration analgesia are recommended, especially if there are contra-indications to basic analgesics and/or in patients with high expected postoperative pain. Epidural analgesia, femoral nerve block, lumbar plexus block and gabapentinoid administration are not recommended as the adverse effects outweigh the benefits. Although intrathecal morphine 0.1 mg can be used, the PROSPECT group emphasises the risks and side-effects associated with its use and provides evidence that adequate analgesia may be achieved with basic analgesics and regional techniques without intrathecal morphine.

Low Back Pain.
Article:Low back pain is a common problem that is the leading cause of disability and is associated with high costs. Evaluation focuses on identification of risk factors indicating a serious underlying condition and increased risk for persistent disabling symptoms in order to guide selective use of diagnostic testing (including imaging) and treatments. Nonpharmacologic therapies, including exercise and psychosocial management, are preferred for most patients with low back pain and may be supplemented with adjunctive drug therapies. Surgery and interventional procedures are options in a minority of patients who do not respond to standard treatments.

Reframing chronic pain as a disease, not a symptom: rationale and implications for pain management.
Article:Chronic pain is a common public health problem that has a detrimental impact on patient health, quality of life (QoL), and function, and poses a substantial socioeconomic burden. Evidence supports the redefinition of chronic pain as a distinct disease entity, not simply a symptom of injury or illness. Chronic pain conditions are characterized by three types of pain pathophysiology (i.e. nociceptive, neuropathic, and centralized pain/central sensitization) influenced by a cluster of coexisting psychosocial factors. Negative risk/vulnerability factors (e.g. mood or sleep disturbances) and positive resilience/protective factors (e.g. social/interpersonal relationships and active coping) interact with pain neurobiology to determine patients' unique pain experience. Viewing chronic pain through a biopsychosocial lens, instead of a purely biomedical one, clinicians need to adopt a practical integrated management approach. Thorough assessment focuses on the whole patient (not just the pain), including comorbidities, cognitive/emotional/behavioral characteristics, social environment, and QoL/functional impairment. As for other complex chronic illnesses, the treatment plan for chronic pain can be developed based on pain subtype and psychosocial profile, incorporating pharmacotherapy and self-management modalities. Preferred pharmacologic treatment of conditions primarily associated with nociception (e.g. osteoarthritis) includes acetaminophen and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, whereas preferred pharmacologic treatment of conditions primarily associated with neuropathy or central sensitization (e.g. fibromyalgia) includes tricyclic compounds, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and α2δ ligands. Education, exercise, cognitive behavioral therapy, and many other non-pharmacological approaches, alone or combined with pharmacotherapy, have been shown to be effective for any type of pain, although they remain underutilized due to lack of awareness of their benefits and reimbursement obstacles.

PROSPECT guideline for tonsillectomy: systematic review and procedure-specific postoperative pain management recommendations.
Article:Tonsillectomy is one of the most frequently performed surgical procedures; however, pain management remains challenging. Procedure-specific efficacy as well as specific risks of treatment options should guide selection of pain management protocols based on evidence and should optimise analgesia without harm. The aims of this systematic review were to evaluate the available literature and develop recommendations for optimal pain management after tonsillectomy. A systematic review utilising preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis guidelines with procedure-specific postoperative pain management (PROSPECT) methodology was undertaken. Randomised controlled trials published in the English language up to November 2019 assessing postoperative pain using analgesic, anaesthetic or surgical interventions were identified. Out of the 719 potentially eligible studies identified, 226 randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria, excluding the studies examining surgical techniques. Pre-operative and intra-operative interventions that improved postoperative pain were paracetamol; non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; intravenous dexamethasone; ketamine (only assessed in children); gabapentinoids; dexmedetomidine; honey; and acupuncture. Inconsistent evidence was found for local anaesthetic infiltration; antibiotics; and magnesium sulphate. Limited evidence was found for clonidine. The analgesic regimen for tonsillectomy should include paracetamol; non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; and intravenous dexamethasone, with opioids as rescue analgesics. Analgesic adjuncts such as intra-operative and postoperative acupuncture as well as postoperative honey are also recommended. Ketamine (only for children); dexmedetomidine; or gabapentinoids may be considered when some of the first-line analgesics are contra-indicated. Further randomised controlled trials are required to define risk and combination of drugs most effective for postoperative pain relief after tonsillectomy.

Analgesia and sedation in patients with ARDS.
Article:Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) is one of the most demanding conditions in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU). Management of analgesia and sedation in ARDS is particularly challenging. An expert panel was convened to produce a "state-of-the-art" article to support clinicians in the optimal management of analgesia/sedation in mechanically ventilated adults with ARDS, including those with COVID-19. Current ICU analgesia/sedation guidelines promote analgesia first and minimization of sedation, wakefulness, delirium prevention and early rehabilitation to facilitate ventilator and ICU liberation. However, these strategies cannot always be applied to patients with ARDS who sometimes require deep sedation and/or paralysis. Patients with severe ARDS may be under-represented in analgesia/sedation studies and currently recommended strategies may not be feasible. With lightened sedation, distress-related symptoms (e.g., pain and discomfort, anxiety, dyspnea) and patient-ventilator asynchrony should be systematically assessed and managed through interprofessional collaboration, prioritizing analgesia and anxiolysis. Adaptation of ventilator settings (e.g., use of a pressure-set mode, spontaneous breathing, sensitive inspiratory trigger) should be systematically considered before additional medications are administered. Managing the mechanical ventilator is of paramount importance to avoid the unnecessary use of deep sedation and/or paralysis. Therefore, applying an "ABCDEF-R" bundle (R = Respiratory-drive-control) may be beneficial in ARDS patients. Further studies are needed, especially regarding the use and long-term effects of fast-offset drugs (e.g., remifentanil, volatile anesthetics) and the electrophysiological assessment of analgesia/sedation (e.g., electroencephalogram devices, heart-rate variability, and video pupillometry). This review is particularly relevant during the COVID-19 pandemic given drug shortages and limited ICU-bed capacity.

Pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for neuropathic pain: Systematic review and French recommendations.
Article:Neuropathic pain remains a significant unmet medical need. Several recommendations have recently been proposed concerning pharmacotherapy, neurostimulation techniques and interventional management, but no comprehensive guideline encompassing all these treatments has yet been issued. We performed a systematic review of pharmacotherapy, neurostimulation, surgery, psychotherapies and other types of therapy for peripheral or central neuropathic pain, based on studies published in peer-reviewed journals before January 2018. The main inclusion criteria were chronic neuropathic pain for at least three months, a randomized controlled methodology, at least three weeks of follow-up, at least 10 patients per group, and a double-blind design for drug therapy. Based on the GRADE system, we provide weak-to-strong recommendations for use and proposal as a first-line treatment for SNRIs (duloxetine and venlafaxine), gabapentin and tricyclic antidepressants and, for topical lidocaine and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation specifically for peripheral neuropathic pain; a weak recommendation for use and proposal as a second-line treatment for pregabalin, tramadol, combination therapy (antidepressant combined with gabapentinoids), and for high-concentration capsaicin patches and botulinum toxin A specifically for peripheral neuropathic pain; a weak recommendation for use and proposal as a third-line treatment for high-frequency rTMS of the motor cortex, spinal cord stimulation (failed back surgery syndrome and painful diabetic polyneuropathy) and strong opioids (in the absence of an alternative). Psychotherapy (cognitive behavioral therapy and mindfulness) is recommended as a second-line therapy, as an add-on to other therapies. An algorithm encompassing all the recommended treatments is proposed.

PROSPECT guideline for rotator cuff repair surgery: systematic review and procedure-specific postoperative pain management recommendations.
Article:Rotator cuff repair can be associated with significant and difficult to treat postoperative pain. We aimed to evaluate the available literature and develop recommendations for optimal pain management after rotator cuff repair. A systematic review using procedure-specific postoperative pain management (PROSPECT) methodology was undertaken. Randomised controlled trials published in English from 1 January 2006 to 15 April 2019 assessing postoperative pain after rotator cuff repair using analgesic, anaesthetic or surgical interventions were identified from MEDLINE, Embase and Cochrane Databases. Out of 322 eligible studies identified, 59 randomised controlled trials and one systematic review met the inclusion criteria. Pre-operative and intra-operative interventions that improved postoperative pain were paracetamol, cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors, intravenous dexamethasone, regional analgesia techniques including interscalene block or suprascapular nerve block (with or without axillary nerve block) and arthroscopic surgical technique. Limited evidence was found for pre-operative gabapentin, perineural adjuncts (opioids, glucocorticoids, or α-2-adrenoceptor agonists added to the local anaesthetic solution) or postoperative transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation. Inconsistent evidence was found for subacromial/intra-articular injection, and for surgical technique-linked interventions, such as platelet-rich plasma. No evidence was found for stellate ganglion block, cervical epidural block, specific postoperative rehabilitation protocols or postoperative compressive cryotherapy. The analgesic regimen for rotator cuff repair should include an arthroscopic approach, paracetamol, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, dexamethasone and a regional analgesic technique (either interscalene block or suprascapular nerve block with or without axillary nerve block), with opioids as rescue analgesics. Further randomised controlled trials are required to confirm the influence of the recommended analgesic regimen on postoperative pain relief.

Role of peripheral nerve block in pain control for the management of acute traumatic orthopaedic injuries in the emergency department: Diagnosis-based treatment guidelines.
Article:Trauma remains one of the largest problems that the global healthcare system faces today. In the United States it remains the leading cause of death for young and middle-aged patients, and its economic burden in direct cost and loss of productivity is tremendous. Additionally, the challenge of acute pain control in orthopaedic trauma remains substantial, and the over-reliance on opioid medications has resulted in unintended acute and chronic complications and problems. Alternative pain control strategies, such as peripheral nerve block (PNB), have the potential to decrease healthcare cost, opioid consumption, and other opioid-related complications. The purpose of this review is to summarize the current state of pain control and opioid use in acute orthopaedic injury and provide an understanding of the role of PNB to improve pain management. Finally, this review provides a specific diagnosis-based treatment guideline for the use of PNB in acute orthopaedic injury.

Interventions in pain management for persons with an intellectual disability.
Article:Pain is a multidimensional and subjective experience, and an ideal pain management regime needs to be comprehensive, integrative and involve all relevant persons. Multimodal interventions may include pharmacological, physical, social, psychological and spiritual approaches in order to address pain management at a molecular, functional, behavioural, cognitive and affective levels. Pain management interventions will vary according to pain aetiology, patient characteristics and preferences. In keeping with best practice guidelines for effective pain management, a structured approach incorporating an effective assessment of pain by the healthcare professional, identification of the source and type of pain and accurate documentation is essential. This article focuses on pharmacological and non-pharmacological pain management for individuals with intellectual disability.

