The effect of distraction techniques on pain and stress during labor: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Article:Background:Pain control and the stress associated with labor and delivery are among the most important issues of health care system. Use of distraction techniques during childbirth is reported to reduce pain and stress of labor. However, there is a limited publication that looked on the effect of distraction techniques on labor pain and stress. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of distraction techniques on labor pain and stress (primary outcomes), fear of childbirth, length of delivery stages, first minute Apgar score and oxytocin consumption (secondary outcomes).Methods:A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 68 pregnant women. Participants were allocated into two groups (intervention and control groups) by blocked randomization. Participants in the intervention group received distraction techniques in four sessions. Questionnaires of Fear of Childbirth (W-DEQ version A) and PSS once were completed before intervention and again at the 36th week for the W-DEQ and in the active phase for the PSS through interviews. The pain was assessed through VAS during active phase per hour. The length of delivery stages was recorded in the partograph chart. Data were analyzed by independent t-test and ANCOVA.Results:The mean of perceived stress during labor in the intervention group was significantly less than that of the control group (AMD: -3.2; 95% CI: - 0.8 to - 6.0; P = 0.01). The mean (SD) of pain intensity during labor was less than in the intervention and control groups compare to the control group (6.2 vs 7.5; P < 0.001). There was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of fear of childbirth score (AMD: 5.3; 95% CI: 13.0 to - 6.0; P = - 2.3). Moreover, there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in terms of the active phase of labor (P = 0.504), second stage of delivery (P = 0.928), total length of delivery (P = 0.520), Apgar score (P = 1.000) and frequency of oxytocin consumption (P = 0.622).Conclusion:According to the results, distraction techniques can reduce the pain and stress of labor, but further studies by using the distraction techniques are needed to reach a decisive conclusion.Trial registration:IRCT2017042910324N39; Name of registry: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials; Registered 11 September 2017. URL of registry: https://fa.irct.ir/user/trial/10814/view. Date of enrolment of the first participant to the trial: September 2017.

American Burn Association Guidelines on the Management of Acute Pain in the Adult Burn Patient: A Review of the Literature, a Compilation of Expert Opinion, and Next Steps.
Article:The ABA pain guidelines were developed 14 years ago and have not been revised despite evolution in the practice of burn care. A sub-committee of the American Burn Association's Committee on the Organization and Delivery of Burn Care was created to revise the adult pain guidelines. A MEDLINE search of English-language publications from 1968 to 2018 was conducted using the keywords "burn pain," "treatment," and "assessment." Selected references were also used from the greater pain literature. Studies were graded by two members of the committee using Oxford Centre for Evidence-based Medicine-Levels of Evidence. We then met as a group to determine expert consensus on a variety of topics related to treating pain in burn patients. Finally, we assessed gaps in the current knowledge and determined research questions that would aid in providing better recommendations for optimal pain management of the burn patient. The literature search produced 189 papers, 95 were found to be relevant to the assessment and treatment of burn pain. From the greater pain literature 151 references were included, totaling 246 papers being analyzed. Following this literature review, a meeting to establish expert consensus was held and 20 guidelines established in the areas of pain assessment, opioid medications, nonopioid medications, regional anesthesia, and nonpharmacologic treatments. There is increasing research on pain management modalities, but available studies are inadequate to create a true standard of care. We call for more burn specific research into modalities for burn pain control as well as research on multimodal pain control.

Pain Control in Dermatologic Conditions.
Article:Purpose of review:Pain management in dermatologic conditions can be complicated by the primary disease burden and associated decreased quality of life, disability, and psychosocial issues. This review focuses on pain management strategies in some of the more painful dermatologic conditions.Recent findings:Pain management in painful dermatologic conditions such as pyoderma gangrenosum, postherpetic neuralgia, lower limb ulcers, and hidradenitis suppurativa revolves around treatment of the underlying disease process. Topical agents such as topical steroids and systemic immunosuppressants with over-the-counter analgesics usually suffice in mild to moderate pain. Severe pain may need neuropathic agents and referral to interventional pain physicians for consideration of advanced techniques such as epidural steroid injections and sympathetic nerve blocks. Part of the treatment process is for dermatologists to establish patient expectations and to treat pain within their scope of practice. More research is needed towards pain control in painful dermatologic conditions with elucidation of treatment algorithms unique to each condition.

Management of Chronic Pain in Long-Term Care: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Article:Objectives:Pain, a complex subjective experience, is common in care home residents. Despite advances in pain management, optimal pain control remains a challenge. In this updated systematic review, we examined effectiveness of interventions for treating chronic pain in care home residents.Design:A Cochrane-style systematic review and meta-analysis using PRISMA guidelines.Setting and participants:Randomized and nonrandomized controlled trials and intervention studies included care home residents aged ≥60 years receiving interventions to reduce chronic pain.Methods:Six databases were searched to identify relevant studies. After duplicate removal, articles were screened by title and abstract. Full-text articles were reviewed and included if they implemented a pain management intervention and measured pain with a standardized quantitative pain scale. Meta-analyses calculated standardized mean differences (SMDs) using random-effect models. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias Tool 2.0.Results:We included 42 trials in the meta-analysis and described 13 more studies narratively. Studies included 26 nondrug alternative treatments, 8 education interventions, 7 system modifications, 3 nonanalgesic drug treatments, 2 analgesic treatments, and 9 combined interventions. Pooled results at trial completion revealed that, except for nonanalgesic drugs and health system modification interventions, all interventions were at least moderately effective in reducing pain. Analgesic treatments (SMD -0.80; 95% CI -1.47 to -0.12; P = .02) showed the greatest treatment effect, followed by nondrug alternative treatments (SMD -0.70; 95% CI -0.95 to -0.45; P < .001), combined interventions (SMD -0.37; 95% CI -0.60 to -0.13; P = .002), and education interventions (SMD -0.31; 95% CI -0.48 to -0.15; P < .001).Conclusions and implications:Our findings suggest that analgesic drugs and nondrug alternative pain management strategies are the most effective in reducing pain among care home residents. Clinicians should also consider implementing nondrug alternative therapies in care homes, rather than relying solely on analgesic drug options.

Non-pharmacological pain control in outpatient hysteroscopies.
Article:Outpatient hysteroscopy has become the standard technique for gynaecological exploration of the uterine cavity. The most common reason for failure of the procedure is pain. During the last decade many studies were carried out to improve the equipment as well as the procedural technical aspects. Even so, hysteroscopy is still painful for many patients. Pharmacological pain control has been widely used for hysteroscopy, but these modalities can be invasive, have side effects and are contraindicated in many women. This review examines current literature on non-pharmacological interventions (pressure, stretching, heat, electricity, music and hypnosis) on the pain experienced during outpatient hysteroscopy.

Cannabinoids: a new approach for pain control?
Article:Purpose of review:To analyze available data related to the use of cannabinoids in medicine, with a special focus on pain management in cancer. The use of cannabis for medical purposes is growing but there are still numerous questions to be solved: effectiveness, safety, and specific indications.Recent findings:There is considerable variation between countries in the approaches taken, reflecting a variety of historical and cultural factors and despite few randomized controlled studies using natural cannabinoids, there is a trend to state that the use of cannabis should be taken seriously as a potential treatment of cancer-related pain. Cannabidiol, a nontoxic phytocannabinoid with few side-effects is promising in various indications in medicine.Summary:The endocannabinoid system is a potential therapeutic target. Cannabinoids may be considered as potential adjuvant in cancer-related pain management. Cannabidiol appears to be the drug of choice. Analgesic trial designs should evolve to get closer to real-life practice and to avoid biases.

Endoscopic Ultrasound-Guided Pain Management.
Article:The diagnosis and management of pancreatic cancer has become a standard role for the endoscopic oncologist. Pancreatic cancer can produce disabling abdominal pain, and the medical management of this pain is often challenging. Endoscopic ultrasound-guided celiac plexus neurolysis and celiac ganglia neurolysis serve as an alternative or adjunct for pain control in these patients. There remains a great deal of practice variability with regard to techniques and approaches. This article summarizes the latest scientific evidence and highlights contemporary best practice advice for these procedures.

Regional analgesia techniques for pain management in patients admitted to the intensive care unit.
Article:Controlling pain should be a priority in the clinical practice of intensive care units (ICUs). Monomodal analgesic approaches, such as the administration of opioids, are widely employed; however, the widespread use of opioids has catastrophic consequences, given their multiple side effects and the development of dependence. Regional analgesia (RA), with single or continuous dosing using neuraxial and peripheral catheters, can play an important role in multimodal analgesia for management of pain in critical care patients. RA provides superior pain control, as compared to systemic treatments, and is associated with a lower rate of side effects. Nevertheless, RA remains underused in ICUs. Many critically ill, post-surgical or traumatically injured patients would benefit from these techniques. For these reasons, we aim to establish a set of potential indications integrating the use of RA in analgesia protocols routinely used in ICUs. We performed a review of literature sources with contrasted evidence levels to present RA techniques and their potential applications in ICU patients.

Living liver donor pain management.
Article:Purpose of review:Optimal pain control in living liver donors undergoing hepatectomy is strongly recommended considering their unique status as healthy individuals willingly undergoing surgery for the benefit of the recipient. This review aims to examine and evaluate different strategies aimed at ensuring effective postoperative pain management in living liver donors.Recent findings:Enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) protocols have proven effective in optimizing patient outcomes, including in living liver donor hepatectomy. By implementing these protocols, healthcare professionals can enhance postoperative pain control and accelerate recovery. Multimodal analgesia, which combines different techniques and agents, is crucial in pain management for living liver donors. Regional analgesia techniques, such as spinal anesthesia and various peripheral nerve blocks, have shown efficacy in reducing pain and facilitating early recovery. Systemic nonopioid analgesics, including acetaminophen, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, ketamine, lidocaine, and dexmedetomidine act synergistically to alleviate pain and reduce inflammation. Minimizing the use of opioids is important to avoid adverse effects, and they should be reserved for rescue medication or breakthrough pain.Summary:Applying the principles of ERAS and multimodal analgesia to living liver donors can effectively control pain while promoting early recovery.

Pain Control and Positioning in Children Following Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy Surgery.
Article:Background:A practice was changed to elevate the head of bed from day 1 to day 3 on children after selective dorsal rhizotomy (SDR) surgery to improve pain control. Multiple methods to address pain post SDR include a continuous epidural infusion, medication administration, and repositioning/distraction. The length of time for the patient to remain flat was increased to potentially improve pain management. However, no studies in the literature were found to support the practice change. Nurses inquired whether this change resulted in optimal pain control. The primary research aim was to determine whether the change in positioning resulted in a difference in pain control.Methods:A retrospective cohort design was used to compare pain medication administered before and after the practice change. Patients between the ages of 2 and 15 years and admitted to the neuroscience unit after SDR surgery were included. Data were electronically retrieved to record the amount of medications given for pain. Descriptive and univariate statistics were used to detect differences.Results:The retrospective component of the study analyzed a total of 385 patients. There were no statistically significant differences between the number of intermittent doses of medication administered for pain between the 2 groups (P = .661).Discussion:Results support return to practice of 1 day of flat time. Nurses perceive that lying flat contributes to child and parent anxiety and limits options for distraction; therefore, decreasing flat time may lower anxiety without affecting pain control. These results are limited to postsurgical SDR patients but have implications for postoperative positioning and pain management. On the basis of these results, the neurosurgeon changed practice to zero days of flat time.

Pediatric Pain Management in Plastic Surgery.
Article:Adequate pediatric pain management is difficult to achieve for a variety of reasons. Pain assessment is more difficult in the pediatric population. There are a variety of different tools that may be used to accurately assess pain. There are many modalities to achieve pain control, including pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic means. These different modalities should be used in unison to achieve pain control. Compartment syndrome is a surgical emergency, and pediatric patients present differently from adult patients. The 3 As (anxiety, agitation, increase in analgesia requirement) should be monitored in all pediatric patients.

Adequacy of Pain Control in Patients With Advanced Cancer in Pakistan.
Article:Purpose::Pain is highly prevalent in advanced cancer and requires aggressive management. However, pain management in cancer is minimally investigated in Pakistan. This cross-sectional study explores the adequacy of pain management in patients with advanced stage cancer in Pakistan.Method::From January 2017 to May 2017, a cross-sectional study was conducted at Mayo Hospital, Lahore, Pakistan. A total of 218 patients with cancers were interviewed, and 136 patients with pain ≥5 on a Numerical Rating Scale for pain were included in the study. Demographic of patients and clinical characteristics of tumors were also evaluated.Results::Only about one-third of the patients with advanced cancer reported adequate pain management. Chi-square test, χ2(1, n = 136) = 33.038, P < .05, indicated that pain scores were inversely associated with pain control; inadequate pain control was observed in patients with higher pain score and vice versa. Of the 55.88% of patients who were prescribed morphine, only 6 patients were compliant with treatment recommendations. Most patients were prescribed nonopioid medications and tramadol and codeine, which are weak opioid medications.Conclusion::The rate of undertreatment of cancer pain in Pakistan is alarming. Inadequate clinicians' training, patients' and caregivers' beliefs, lack of availability of opioid medications, and socioeconomic factors are some of the barriers to effective pain control. A multidisciplinary team approach is necessary to follow the World Health Organization pain ladder guidelines for the treatment of cancer pain.

