Pediatric Pain Management in Plastic Surgery.
Article:Adequate pediatric pain management is difficult to achieve for a variety of reasons. Pain assessment is more difficult in the pediatric population. There are a variety of different tools that may be used to accurately assess pain. There are many modalities to achieve pain control, including pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic means. These different modalities should be used in unison to achieve pain control. Compartment syndrome is a surgical emergency, and pediatric patients present differently from adult patients. The 3 As (anxiety, agitation, increase in analgesia requirement) should be monitored in all pediatric patients.

Pain management in pediatric age. An update.
Article:Differently from the adult patients, in paediatric age it is more difficult to assess and treat efficaciously the pain and often this symptom is undertreated or not treated. In children, a selection of appropriate pain assessment tools should consider the age, the cognitive level, the presence of eventual disability, the type of pain and the situation in which it is occurring. Improved understanding of developmental neurobiology and paediatric analgesic drug pharmacokinetics should facilitate a better management of childhood pain. The objective of this update is to discuss the current practice and the recent advances in pediatric pain management. Using PubMed and the Cochrane Library we conducted an extensive literature analysis on pediatric pain assessment and commonly used analgesic agents in this kind of patients. According to our results, a multimodal analgesic regimen provides a better pain control and a functional outcome in children. Cooperation and communication among the anaesthesiologist, the surgeon and the paediatrician remains essential for successful anaesthesia and pain management in childhood.

Lidocaine Infusions for Pain Management in Pediatrics.
Article:Lidocaine is an amino amide with a well-established role as a local anesthetic agent. Systemic intravenous administration expands its clinical use to include acute and chronic pain circumstances, such as postoperative pain, neuropathic pain, postherpetic neuralgia, hyperalgesia, visceral pain, and centrally mediated pain. For refractory pain that has not responded to conventional therapy or if further escalation of treatment is prevented by contraindications or side effects to standard therapies, a continuous infusion of lidocaine may be considered as a single intervention or as a sequence of infusions. Here, we review and evaluate published data reflecting the use of lidocaine continuous infusions for pain management in the pediatric population.

Considerations for neonatal and pediatric pain management.
Article:Purpose:Current literature and clinical practice guidelines on pediatric pain management are reviewed.Summary:Acute pain is commonly present in neonatal and pediatric patients due to underlying disease states or procedures. Especially in institutions with limited pediatric pain services, it is imperative to describe the appropriate management of pain and pharmacotherapy options that are effective and safe in pediatric patients. Despite the knowledge of pain being an important aspect in the management of children, barriers exist, leading to suboptimal treatment. Addressing these barriers through education of healthcare practitioners, families, and patients will lead to optimizing the patient pain experience. Tools for pain assessment vary depending on the type of pain, the child's age and understanding of pain, and the clinical situation. Pharmacotherapy options for pain management in neonates and pediatric patients include opioid and nonopioid agents. Efficacy and safety data on the use of medications for the treatment of pain in pediatric patients is described. The delivery of medication encompasses patient-specific factors and preferences. Strategies for opioid stewardship and management of iatrogenic withdrawal pose a unique challenge in pediatric patients.Conclusion:The management of acute pain in neonates and pediatric patients should be a priority for all practitioners caring for these patients. Use of age-appropriate pain assessment tools and understanding of the mechanisms of action and roles in therapy of various nonopioid and opioid therapies can help optimize treatment of pain in neonatal and pediatric patients.

[Pain management in Neonatology].
Article:The recognition of the existence of pain in infants hospitalized in the Neonatal Intensive Care Units makes it necessary to reach consensus on prevention, assessment and treatment strategies. Acute pain produces adverse changes in the short term and chronic pain alters the response systems to stress and impacts on neurodevelopment. The objective of this pain management agreement is to unify criteria of attention of these patients in different situations that generate pain and stress that they face during their hospitalization. There are validated scales to assess pain and guide appropriate strategies for its approach that include measures of comprehensive or nonpharmacological care and pharmacological care that we will review.

Personalized pediatric anesthesia and pain management: problem-based review.
Article:Pharmacogenetics, the genetic influence on the interpersonal variability in drug response, has enabled tailored pharmacotherapy and emerging 'personalized medicine.' Although oncology spearheaded the clinical implementation of personalized medicine, other specialties are rapidly catching up. In anesthesia, classical examples of genetically mediated idiosyncratic reactions have been long known (e.g., malignant hyperthermia and prolonged apnea after succinylcholine). The last two decades have witnessed an expanding body of pharmacogenetic evidence in anesthesia. This review highlights some of the prominent pharmacogenetic associations studied in anesthesia and pain management, with special focus on pediatric anesthesia.

Postoperative pain: factors and tools to improve pain management in children.
Article:Outpatient surgery has made it increasingly common for parents to manage pain in the home setting. Studies have shown that parents often under treat pain, leaving children vulnerable to the negative side effects of suboptimal pain management. Multiple factors affect pain management like child's age and developmental stage, language, cultural values like stoicism, parental beliefs about medication, biological differences among groups, etc. Understanding all the factors involved can help healthcare providers and parents better understand pain and contribute to optimal pain management. Multiple tools and technological interventions have been created to help create a better understanding of pain and a holistic approach to care.

Emerging trends, techniques, and equipment for airway management in pediatric patients.
Article:Pediatric patients present unique anatomic and physiologic considerations in airway management, which impose significant physiologic limits on safe apnea time before the onset of hypoxemia and subsequent bradycardia. These issues are even more pronounced for the pediatric difficult airway. In the last decade, the development of pediatric sized supraglottic airways specifically designed for intubation, as well as advances in imaging technology such that current pediatric airway equipment now finally rival those for the adult population, has significantly expanded the pediatric anesthesiologist's tool kit for pediatric airway management. Equally important, techniques are increasingly implemented that maintain oxygen delivery to the lungs, safely extending the time available for pediatric airway management. This review will focus on emerging trends and techniques using existing tools to safely handle the pediatric airway including videolaryngoscopy, combination techniques for intubation, techniques for maintaining oxygenation during intubation, airway management in patients at risk for aspiration, and considerations in cannot intubate cannot oxygenate scenarios.

The Management of Burn Pain in a Pediatric Burns-Specialist Hospital.
Article:Appropriate pain management for children who have experienced an acute burn injury is critical to improve patient outcomes and reduce potential morbidities. With 60% of our patients being under the age of 4 years, pain management is crucial in reducing pain and anxiety in both patients and parents. It is imperative that appropriate pain relief is commenced from initial contact with healthcare workers as this will affect the success or failure of future wound procedures. Uncontrolled pain can negatively affect a patient, both short and long term. It may cause anticipatory anxiety for future medical procedures, increased pain and anxiety can decrease wound re-epithelialization which can lead to long-term consequences for growth and mobility, and increased pain can also influence the possibility of patients and families displaying signs of post-traumatic stress disorder. Pain management in the form of pharmaceuticals is imperative during burn wound treatment and should incorporate pain relief targeted at both background and procedural pain. It also requires a multimodal, individualized, and targeted approach combining both pharmaceutical and nonpharmaceutical techniques, including cold running water, multimodal distraction devices, hypnotherapy, and bubbles. We discuss the research and knowledge that our center has gained through treating pediatric patients with burns over the last 20 years.

Efficacy of Smartphone Active and Passive Virtual Reality Distraction vs Standard Care on Burn Pain Among Pediatric Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Article:Importance:It is unknown whether smartphone-based virtual reality (VR) games are effective in reducing pain among pediatric patients in real-world burn clinics.Objective:To evaluate the efficacy of a smartphone VR game on dressing pain among pediatric patients with burns.Design, setting, and participants:This randomized clinical trial included children aged 6 to 17 years who seen in the outpatient clinic of a large American Burn Association-verified pediatric burn center and level I pediatric trauma center between December 30, 2016, and January 23, 2019. Speaking English as their primary language was an inclusion criterion. Intention-to-treat data analyses were conducted from December 2019 to March 2020.Interventions:Active VR participants played a VR game; passive VR participants were immersed in the same VR environment without interactions. Both groups were compared with a standard care group. One researcher administered VR and observed pain while another researcher administered a posttrial survey that measured the child's perceived pain and VR experience. Nurses were asked to report the clinical utility.Main outcomes and measures:Patients self-reported pain using a visual analog scale (VAS; range, 0-100). A researcher observed patient pain based on the Face, Legs, Activity, Cry, and Consolability-Revised (FLACC-R) scale. Nurses were asked to report VR helpfulness (range, 0-100; higher scores indicate more helpful) and ease of use (range, 0-100; higher scores indicate easier to use).Results:A total of 90 children (45 [50%] girls, mean age, 11.3 years [95% CI, 10.6-12.0 years]; 51 [57%] White children) participated. Most children had second-degree burns (81 [90%]). Participants in the active VR group had significantly lower reported overall pain (VAS score, 24.9 [95% CI, 12.2-37.6]) compared with participants in the standard care control group (VAS score, 47.1 [95% CI, 32.1-62.2]; P = .02). The active VR group also had a lower worst pain score (VAS score, 27.4 [95% CI, 14.7-40.1]) than both the passive VR group (VAS score, 47.9 [95% CI, 31.8-63.9]; P = .04) and the standard care group (VAS score, 48.8 [95% CI, 31.1-64.4]; P = .03). Simulator sickness scores (range, 0-60; lower scores indicate less sickness) were similar for active VR (19.3 [95% CI, 17.5-21.1]) and passive VR groups (19.5 [95% CI, 17.6-21.5]). Nurses also reported that the VR games could be easily implemented in clinics (helpfulness, active VR: 84.2; 95% CI, 74.5-93.8; passive VR: 76.9; 95% CI, 65.2-88.7; ease of use, active VR: 94.8, 95% CI, 91.8-97.8; passive VR: 96.0, 95% CI, 92.9-99.1).Conclusions and relevance:In this study, a smartphone VR game was effective in reducing patient self-reported pain during burn dressing changes, suggesting that VR may be an effective method for managing pediatric burn pain.Trial registration:ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:NCT04544631.

The Critical Role of Parents in Pediatric Cancer-Related Pain Management: a Review and Call to Action.
Article:Purpose of review:Even with optimized medical management, pain remains an inevitable part of pediatric cancer care. The most effective interventions for nonpharmacologic pain management within pediatric psychology include parent skills training. This review specifically explored the role of parents in cancer-related pain management with the goal of defining a set of evidence-based skills that could translate to improved pediatric cancer pain management.Recent findings:Pain is now widely understood to be both a sensory and emotional experience. As a result, within pediatric non-cancer pain management there is increasing application of the biopsychosocial model for pain management, inclusive of evidence-based psychological intervention. This review, specifically focusing on the role of parent training in cancer-related pain management, finds few interventions that systematically included parents. There is a need for continued evidence-based innovation and knowledge dissemination in this area of care. This paper highlights a critical gap in translational science within pediatric cancer pain management, namely, that parents who have a child with cancer are not reliably gaining access to well-established, evidence-based psychological skills training that can help to mitigate pain and pain-related stress. Based on the literature, the authors provide recommendations for generating adaptable, evidence-informed interventions that support and empower parents to help their child with pain management through all phases of cancer treatment.

Pediatric pain management in the emergency department.
Article:Adequate analgesia is critical in the management of pediatric patients in the emergency department. Suboptimal treatment of pain can have deleterious effects in the short term, and it can also affect a patient's development and reaction to future painful experiences. Tools exist to quantify a patient's pain level regardless of age or developmental stage. Both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic methods can be effective in the management of pediatric pain. Emergency clinicians must remain vigilant in the recognition, treatment, and reassessment of pediatric pain, as patients' developmental level may limit their ability to independently express their pain experience without prompting or tools. This issue reviews pain scales that are suitable for pediatric patients and discusses pediatric pain management using nonpharmacologic methods, topical, local, and regional anesthesia as well as systemic agents.

Recent Applications of Virtual Reality for the Management of Pain in Burn and Pediatric Patients.
Article:Purpose of review:Virtual reality, via integration of immersive visual and auditory modalities, offers an innovative approach to pain management. The purpose of this review is to investigate the clinical application of virutal reality as an adjunct analgesic to standard of care, particularly in pediatric and burn patients.Recent findings:Although relatively new, virtual reality has been successfully implemented in a wide range of clinical scenarios for educational, diagnostic, and therapeutic purposes. Most recent literature supports the use of this adjunct analgesic in reducing pain intensity for pediatric and burn patients undergoing acute, painful procedures. This summative review demonstrates the efficacy of virtual reality in altering pain perception by decreasing pain and increasing functionality among pediatric and burn patients. However, large, multi-center randomized controlled trials are still warranted to generalize these findings to more diverse patient demographics and medical scenarios.

Opioids in the Management of Acute Pediatric Pain: An Update in a Time of Crisis.
Article:Management of acute pain in children is fundamental to our practice. Its myriad benefits include reduced suffering, improved patient satisfaction, more rapid recovery, and a reduced risk of developing postsurgical chronic pain. Although a multimodal analgesic approach is now routinely used, informed and judicious use of opioid receptor agonists remains crucial in this treatment paradigm, as long as the benefits and risks are fully understood. Further, an ongoing public health response to the current opioid crisis is required to help prevent new cases of opioid addiction, identify opioid-addicted individuals, and ensure access to effective opioid addiction treatment, while at the same time continuing to safely meet the needs of patients experiencing pain.

Pediatric Pain Management Knowledge Levels of Intern Nursing Students.
Article:Background:One of the most common problems in children that pain can not be managed adequately by the health workers. Knowledge level of nurses is an important factor in effective pain management.Aims:This study was designed to determine intern nursing students' level of pediatric pain management knowledge (PPMK) and the affecting factors.Design:The study used a descriptive, comparative, correlational, and cross-sectional design.Settings:Research was conducted at a Nursing School of a State University.Participants/subjects:The study was carried out on 72 pediatric nursing internship students.Methods:Data were collected using a demographic data form for affecting factors such as grade point averages, age, gender, previous pain education, and self-sufficiency, and a pain management knowledge questionnaire consisting of six subdimensions: awareness of pain, pain physiopathology, barriers to pain management, pain diagnosis, pain assessment, and pain control. Data were analyzed using quartiles, correlation, regression analysis, and the Structural Equation Model.Results:The mean age of the participants was 22.64 ± 1.02, and 63.9% of them self-evaluated their current knowledge as inadequate. The PPMK score was 67.58 ± 7.37 and the students got medium level scores from the overall subdimensions. On the other hand, they got the lowest scores from the pain control (29.35 ± 4.29) and the highest scores from the pain assessment (5.49 ± 1.55). A moderate level of significant relationship was found in the Structural Equation Model (p < .05).Conclusions:The students were determined to have a moderate PPMK level and get the lowest scores, particularly from the pain control.

