Pain Assessment, Management, and Impact Among Older Adults in Assisted Living.
Article:Objectives:The purpose of this study was to describe the incidence, pharmacologic management, and impact of pain on function, agitation, and resistiveness to care among assisted living residents.Design:This was a descriptive study.Data sources:Baseline data from 260 residents in the second cohort of the study Dissemination and Implementation of Function Focused Care for Assisted Living Using the Evidence Integration Triangle.Review/analysis methods:Descriptive analyses for the Pain Assessment in Advanced Dementia (PAINAD), Visual Descriptor Scale (VDS), and use of medication for pain management and hypothesis testing using linear regression analyses were performed.Results:The majority of the sample was female (71%) and white (96%) with a mean age of 87 (standard deviation = 7). Fifty-two out of the 260 residents (20%) reported pain based on either the PAINAD or the VDS. Out of the total 260 residents, 75 (29%) received pain medication. Twenty-two out of the 52 individuals (42%) reporting pain were not getting pain medication. Controlling for age, gender, and cognition, the PAINAD was significantly associated with agitation, function, and resistiveness to care and the VDS was only associated with function.Conclusions:The incidence of pain was low among participants based on the PAINAD or the VDS. Pain measured by the PAINAD was significantly associated with function, agitation, and resistiveness to care.

Multidimensional Pain Assessment Tools for Ambulatory and Inpatient Nursing Practice.
Article:Background:One of the critical components in pain management is the assessment of pain. Multidimensional measurement tools capture multiple aspects of a patient's pain experience but can be cumbersome to administer in busy clinical settings.Aim:We conducted a systematic review to identify brief multidimensional pain assessment tools that nurses can use in both ambulatory and acute care settings.Methods:We searched PUBMED/MEDLINE, PsychInfo, and CINAHL databases from January 1977 through December 2019. Eligible English-language articles were systematically screened and data were extracted independently by two raters. Main outcomes included the number and types of domains captured by each instrument (e.g., sensory, impact on function, temporal components) and tool characteristics (e.g., administration time, validity) that may affect instrument uptake in practice.Results:Our search identified eight multidimensional assessment tools, all of which measured sensory or affective qualities of pain and its impact on functioning. Most tools measured impact of pain on affective functioning, mood, or enjoyment of life. One tool used ecological momentary assessment via a web-based app to assess pain symptoms. Time to administer the varying tools ranged from less than 2 minutes to 10 minutes, and evidence of validity was reported for seven of the eight tools.Conclusions:Our review identified eight multidimensional pain measurement tools that nurses can use in ambulatory or acute care settings to capture patients' experience of pain. The most important element in selecting a multidimensional pain measure, though, is that one tool is selected that best fits the practice and is used consistently over time.

Assessment of pain in newborn infants.
Article:Hospitalized newborn infants experience pain that can have negative short- and long-term consequences and thus should be prevented and treated. National and international guidelines state that adequate pain management requires valid pain assessment. Nociceptive signals cause a cascade of physical and behavioral reactions that alone or in combination can be observed and used to assess the presence and intensity of pain. Units that are caring for newborn infants must adopt sufficient pain assessment tools to cover the gestational ages and pain types that occurs in their setting. Pain assessment should be performed on a regular basis and any detection of pain should be acted on. Future research should focus on developing and validating pain assessment tools for specific situations.

Cancer pain: where are we now?
Article:Increasing numbers of those living with and beyond cancer presents a clinical challenge for pain specialists. A large proportion of these patients experience pain secondary to their disease or its treatment, impeding rehabilitation and significantly impacting upon their quality of life. The successful management of this pain presents a considerable challenge. This review aims to outline current concepts and treatment options, while considering nuances within pain assessment and the use of large-scale data to help guide further advances.

Pre-hospital pain assessment in paediatric patients.
Article:The aim of this article is to review the literature on pre-hospital assessment of pain in paediatric patients. Many articles highlight the under-treatment of pain in paediatrics by pre-hospital clinicians, showing that this is an area falling short of best practice. This article evaluates the effectiveness of two established pain assessment tools authorised for the pain assessment of children in pre-hospital environments.

A Review of Pain Assessment Methods in Laboratory Rodents.
Article:Ensuring that laboratory rodent pain is well managed underpins the ethical acceptability of working with these animals in research. Appropriate treatment of pain in laboratory rodents requires accurate assessments of the presence or absence of pain to the extent possible. This can be challenging some situations because laboratory rodents are prey species that may show subtle signs of pain. Although a number of standard algesiometry assays have been used to assess evoked pain responses in rodents for many decades, these methods likely represent an oversimplification of pain assessment and many require animal handling during testing, which can result in stress-induced analgesia. More recent pain assessment methods, such as the use of ethograms, facial grimace scoring, burrowing, and nest-building, focus on evaluating changes in spontaneous behaviors or activities of rodents in their home environments. Many of these assessment methods are time-consuming to conduct. While many of these newer tests show promise for providing a more accurate assessment of pain, most require more study to determine their reliability and sensitivity across a broad range of experimental conditions, as well as between species and strains of animals. Regular observation of laboratory rodents before and after painful procedures with consistent use of 2 or more assessment methods is likely to improve pain detection and lead to improved treatment and care-a primary goal for improving overall animal welfare.

Acute pain in cats: Recent advances in clinical assessment.
Article:Practical relevance:Pain assessment has gained much attention in recent years as a means of improving pain management and treatment standards. It has become an elemental part of feline practice with ultimate benefit to feline health and welfare. Currently pain assessment involves mostly the investigation of sensory-discriminative (intensity, location and duration) and affective-motivational (emotional) domains of pain. Specific behaviors associated with acute pain have been identified and constitute the basis for its assessment in cats.Recent advances:The publication of pain scales with reported validation - the UNESP-Botucatu multidimensional composite pain scale and the Glasgow feline composite measure pain scale - and species-specific studies have advanced our knowledge on the subject. Facial expressions have also been shown to be different between painful and non-painful cats, and very recently the Feline Grimace Scale has been validated as a tool for acute pain assessment.Clinical challenges:Despite recent advances, several challenges still exist. For instance, the effects of disease and sedation on pain scoring/ assessment are unknown. Also, specific painful conditions (eg, dental pain) have not been systematically investigated. The development and validation of instruments for pain assessment by cat owners is warranted, as these tools are currently lacking.Aims:This article reviews the use, advantages, disadvantages and limitations of the two validated pain scales, and presents a practical, stepwise approach to feline pain recognition and assessment using a dynamic and interactive process. The authors also offer perspectives regarding current challenges and future directions.

Strategies for Pain Assessment in Adult Patients With Delirium: A Scoping Review.
Article:Context:Pain and delirium are highly prevalent in the same patient groups. Disturbances in attention, awareness, and cognition are characteristics for delirium and can compromise pain assessment.Objectives:The aim of this review was to examine and map models and understandings of pain and delirium as well as pain assessment instruments and strategies for adult patients with delirium.Methods:A scoping review of all publications that reported on pain assessment in adult patients with delirium was conducted with no time and language constraints, searching Medline, CINAHL, Scopus, Embase, and PsycINFO and systematically assessing for inclusion. Standardized data extraction and a narrative synthesis followed.Results:A total of 90 publications were included in the final analysis. Despite being recommended for practice, no evidence for the use of self-report or behavioral pain assessment instruments in patients with delirium was identified, with the exception of limited evidence for the validity of the Critical Care Pain Observation Tool and Behavioral Pain Scale in delirious intensive care patients. Proxy ratings of pain and comprehensive pain assessment hierarchies were also recommended, but not supported by evidence. Current models and/or understandings of pain and delirium were not applied in most publications.Conclusion:The current literature is insufficient to guide clinical practice in pain assessment in patients with delirium. Future research will be needed to address the validity of existing pain assessment instruments, apply theoretical and conceptual understandings of pain and delirium, and build on prior studies to close evidence gaps.

Perspectives on Cancer Pain Assessment and Management in Children.
Article:Objective:To report evidence regarding pain assessment and management for children and adolescents receiving treatment for cancer.Data sources:Published research and clinical guidelines.Conclusion:Children and adolescents experience multiple sources of pain across the cancer continuum. They require developmentally relevant approaches when assessing and managing pain. This review suggests that consideration of the developmental stage and age of the child are essential in both pain assessment and pain management.Implications for nursing practice:Pediatric oncology nurses play a key role in developmentally appropriate pain assessment, identification of potential strategies to manage pain, and delivery of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies.

Congruence between nurses' and patients' assessment of postoperative pain: a literature review.
Article:Postoperative pain remains poorly managed for many patients. Effective pain management begins with accurate pain assessment, with patient self-reporting considered the most accurate measure of pain. This literature review aimed to identify how congruent nurses' assessments of pain were with patients' self-reporting. A search identified six observational studies and one quasi-experimental study that met the inclusion criteria. The findings from these studies were summarised under two themes: nurses' underestimation of patients' pain and nurses' knowledge and understanding of pain assessment. Some nurses' pain management knowledge was deemed inadequate, with evidence of negative attitudes towards managing pain in certain groups of patients. Educational interventions have so far had limited impact on correcting the ethical and professional problem of inadequate pain relief in many patients postoperatively. Randomised controlled trials are required to identify effective education interventions that can contribute to ending this avoidable suffering.

