Interventional pain management in patients with cancer-related pain.
Article:Invasive interventional procedures for managing pain in cancer patients are often underutilized following the popularization of the WHO analgesic ladder. The procedures that were successfully used until then were relegated away from mainstream palliative care practice, with the advent of newer opioids and adjuvants. Even though nerve blocks, intrathecal pumps and spinal cord stimulation were reintroduced as the fourth step of the WHO ladder, often referrals for these procedures are too late to produce a meaningful effect on quality of life. At this point most patients have advanced disease and are requiring end of life care. Additionally, it is becoming evident that at least 10% of patients do not achieve good quality analgesia with oral opioids and are often troubled by unacceptable side effects. There is an increasing public awareness of the problems with long-term opioid therapy and some of these patients would certainly benefit from invasive procedures to alleviate their pain and improve their quality of life. Improving life quality and expectancy with better treatment options and increasing number of cancer survivors should be heralding a change and hence neurolytic procedures are to be used only in patients with limited life expectancy. ITDDs, neuromodulation and ever-increasing use of procedures routinely used in treating chronic nonmalignant pain would be the mainstay of interventional management until AI and nanotechnology would open doors for novel treatment options. Interventions should not be used as a last resort after multiple failed attempts at opioid therapy, but as an integral part of a management strategy including medical management, psychological and emotional welfare, and supportive care of the patient in a holistic manner. The curriculum of specialists should include appropriate training to safely perform and produce better quality evidence to validate the efficacy and safety of these challenging procedures.

Pain specialist management of sexual pain-II. Interventional.
Article:Introduction:Treatment of female sexual pain often requires the use of diverse modalities crossing multiple medical disciplines. Interventional procedures are important in the diagnosis and treatment of female sexual pain. Pain specialists and other medical specialties can provide these capabilities.Objectives:To provide a current summary of the procedures used in the diagnosis and treatment of female sexual pain.Methods:The internet, PubMed, and the Cochrane Library were searched for relevant articles on female sexual pain within the clinical purview and scope of the practice of pain management.Results:A thorough review of the literature was conducted to include basic science studies, clinical trials, systematic reviews, consensus statements, and case reports. An effort was made to also include a sampling of information on real-world patient self-directed therapies. Descriptions of interventional procedures for the diagnosis and treatment of sexual pain were made and clinical studies reviewed. The evidence for the use of various interventional treatment strategies for sexual pain was assessed.Conclusions:The process of care for female sexual pain employs an interdisciplinary biopsychosocial model that includes a role for interventional procedures commonly performed by pain management specialists. These specialists are a resource of knowledge, skills, and abilities that can be used to improve the care of women with chronic sexual pain.

Comprehensive Evidence-Based Guidelines for Facet Joint Interventions in the Management of Chronic Spinal Pain: American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (ASIPP) Guidelines Facet Joint Interventions 2020 Guidelines.
Article:Background:Chronic axial spinal pain is one of the major causes of significant disability and health care costs, with facet joints as one of the proven causes of pain.Objective:To provide evidence-based guidance in performing diagnostic and therapeutic facet joint interventions.Methods:The methodology utilized included the development of objectives and key questions with utilization of trustworthy standards. The literature pertaining to all aspects of facet joint interventions, was reviewed, with a best evidence synthesis of available literature and utilizing grading for recommendations.Summary of Evidence and Recommendations:Non-interventional diagnosis: • The level of evidence is II in selecting patients for facet joint nerve blocks at least 3 months after onset and failure of conservative management, with strong strength of recommendation for physical examination and clinical assessment. • The level of evidence is IV for accurate diagnosis of facet joint pain with physical examination based on symptoms and signs, with weak strength of recommendation. Imaging: • The level of evidence is I with strong strength of recommendation, for mandatory fluoroscopic or computed tomography (CT) guidance for all facet joint interventions. • The level of evidence is III with weak strength of recommendation for single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) . • The level of evidence is V with weak strength of recommendation for scintography, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and computed tomography (CT) .Interventional Diagnosis:Lumbar Spine: • The level of evidence is I to II with moderate to strong strength of recommendation for lumbar diagnostic facet joint nerve blocks. • Ten relevant diagnostic accuracy studies with 4 of 10 studies utilizing controlled comparative local anesthetics with concordant pain relief criterion standard of ≥80% were included. • The prevalence rates ranged from 27% to 40% with false-positive rates of 27% to 47%, with ≥80% pain relief.Cervical Spine: • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation. • Ten relevant diagnostic accuracy studies, 9 of the 10 studies with either controlled comparative local anesthetic blocks or placebo controls with concordant pain relief with a criterion standard of ≥80% were included. • The prevalence and false-positive rates ranged from 29% to 60% and of 27% to 63%, with high variability. Thoracic Spine: • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation. • Three relevant diagnostic accuracy studies, with controlled comparative local anesthetic blocks, with concordant pain relief, with a criterion standard of ≥80% were included. • The prevalence varied from 34% to 48%, whereas false-positive rates varied from 42% to 58%.Therapeutic Facet Joint Interventions: Lumbar Spine: • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation for lumbar radiofrequency ablation with inclusion of 11 relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 2 negative studies and 4 studies with long-term improvement. • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation for therapeutic lumbar facet joint nerve blocks with inclusion of 3 relevant randomized controlled trials, with long-term improvement. • The level of evidence is IV with weak strength of recommendation for lumbar facet joint intraarticular injections with inclusion of 9 relevant randomized controlled trials, with majority of them showing lack of effectiveness without the use of local anesthetic. Cervical Spine: • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation for cervical radiofrequency ablation with inclusion of one randomized controlled trial with positive results and 2 observational studies with long-term improvement. • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation for therapeutic cervical facet joint nerve blocks with inclusion of one relevant randomized controlled trial and 3 observational studies, with long-term improvement. • The level of evidence is V with weak strength of recommendation for cervical intraarticular facet joint injections with inclusion of 3 relevant randomized controlled trials, with 2 observational studies, the majority showing lack of effectiveness, whereas one study with 6-month follow-up, showed lack of long-term improvement. Thoracic Spine: • The level of evidence is III with weak to moderate strength of recommendation with emerging evidence for thoracic radiofrequency ablation with inclusion of one relevant randomized controlled trial and 3 observational studies. • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation for thoracic therapeutic facet joint nerve blocks with inclusion of 2 randomized controlled trials and one observational study with long-term improvement. • The level of evidence is III with weak to moderate strength of recommendation for thoracic intraarticular facet joint injections with inclusion of one randomized controlled trial with 6 month follow-up, with emerging evidence. Antithrombotic Therapy: • Facet joint interventions are considered as moderate to low risk procedures; consequently, antithrombotic therapy may be continued based on overall general status. Sedation: • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation to avoid opioid analgesics during the diagnosis with interventional techniques. • The level of evidence is II with moderate strength of recommendation that moderate sedation may be utilized for patient comfort and to control anxiety for therapeutic facet joint interventions.Limitations:The limitations of these guidelines include a paucity of high-quality studies in the majority of aspects of diagnosis and therapy.Conclusions:These facet joint intervention guidelines were prepared with a comprehensive review of the literature with methodologic quality assessment with determination of level of evidence and strength of recommendations.Key words:Chronic spinal pain, interventional techniques, diagnostic blocks, therapeutic interventions, facet joint nerve blocks, intraarticular injections, radiofrequency neurolysis.

Management of Chronic Pain in Long-Term Care: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Article:Objectives:Pain, a complex subjective experience, is common in care home residents. Despite advances in pain management, optimal pain control remains a challenge. In this updated systematic review, we examined effectiveness of interventions for treating chronic pain in care home residents.Design:A Cochrane-style systematic review and meta-analysis using PRISMA guidelines.Setting and participants:Randomized and nonrandomized controlled trials and intervention studies included care home residents aged ≥60 years receiving interventions to reduce chronic pain.Methods:Six databases were searched to identify relevant studies. After duplicate removal, articles were screened by title and abstract. Full-text articles were reviewed and included if they implemented a pain management intervention and measured pain with a standardized quantitative pain scale. Meta-analyses calculated standardized mean differences (SMDs) using random-effect models. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias Tool 2.0.Results:We included 42 trials in the meta-analysis and described 13 more studies narratively. Studies included 26 nondrug alternative treatments, 8 education interventions, 7 system modifications, 3 nonanalgesic drug treatments, 2 analgesic treatments, and 9 combined interventions. Pooled results at trial completion revealed that, except for nonanalgesic drugs and health system modification interventions, all interventions were at least moderately effective in reducing pain. Analgesic treatments (SMD -0.80; 95% CI -1.47 to -0.12; P = .02) showed the greatest treatment effect, followed by nondrug alternative treatments (SMD -0.70; 95% CI -0.95 to -0.45; P < .001), combined interventions (SMD -0.37; 95% CI -0.60 to -0.13; P = .002), and education interventions (SMD -0.31; 95% CI -0.48 to -0.15; P < .001).Conclusions and implications:Our findings suggest that analgesic drugs and nondrug alternative pain management strategies are the most effective in reducing pain among care home residents. Clinicians should also consider implementing nondrug alternative therapies in care homes, rather than relying solely on analgesic drug options.

Postoperative pain: factors and tools to improve pain management in children.
Article:Outpatient surgery has made it increasingly common for parents to manage pain in the home setting. Studies have shown that parents often under treat pain, leaving children vulnerable to the negative side effects of suboptimal pain management. Multiple factors affect pain management like child's age and developmental stage, language, cultural values like stoicism, parental beliefs about medication, biological differences among groups, etc. Understanding all the factors involved can help healthcare providers and parents better understand pain and contribute to optimal pain management. Multiple tools and technological interventions have been created to help create a better understanding of pain and a holistic approach to care.

Strategies for interventional therapies in cancer-related pain-a crossroad in cancer pain management.
Article:Purpose:Interventional therapies are important to consider when facing cancer pain refractory to conventional therapies. The objective of the current review is to introduce these effective strategies into dynamic interdisciplinary pain management, leading to an exhaustive approach to supportive oncology.Methods:Critical reflection based on literature analysis and clinical practice.Results:Interventional therapies act on the nervous system via neuromodulation or surgical approaches, or on primitive or metastatic lesions via interventional radiotherapy, percutaneous ablation, or surgery. Interventional therapies such as neuromodulations are constantly evolving with new technical works still in development. Nowadays, their usage is better defined, depending on clinical situations, and their impact on quality of life is proven. Nevertheless their availability and acceptability still need to be improved. To start with, a patient's interdisciplinary evaluation should cover a wide range of items such as patient's performance and psychological status, ethical considerations, and physiochemical and pharmacological properties of the cerebrospinal fluid for intrathecal neuromodulation. This will help to define the most appropriate strategy. In addition to determining the pros and cons of highly specialized interventional therapies, their relevance should be debated within interdisciplinary teams in order to select the best strategy for the right patient, at the right time.Conclusions:Ultimately, the use of the interventional therapies can be limited by the requirement of specific trained healthcare teams and technical support, or the lack of health policies. However, these interventional strategies need to be proposed as soon as possible to each patient requiring them, as they can greatly improve quality of life.

Erector spinae plane block in acute interventional pain management: a systematic review.
Article:Erector Spinae Plane Block (ESPB) was described by Forero in 2016. ESPB is currently widely used in acute postoperative pain management. The benefits of ESPB include simplicity and efficacy in various surgeries. The aim of this review was to conduct a comprehensive overview of available evidence on erector spinae plane block in clinical practice. We included randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews reporting the ESPB in human subjects. The review was conducted in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Twenty-one articles including five systematic reviews and 16 randomized controlled trials were included and analyzed. ESPB appears to be an effective, safe, and simple method for acute pain management in cardiac, thoracic, and abdominal surgery. The incidence of side effects has been reported to be rare. A critical issue is to make sure that new evidence is not just of the highest quality, in form of well powered and designed randomized controlled trials but also including a standardized and homogeneous set of indicators that permit to assess the comparative effectiveness of the application of ESPB in acute interventional pain management.

Responsible, Safe, and Effective Use of Antithrombotics and Anticoagulants in Patients Undergoing Interventional Techniques: American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (ASIPP) Guidelines.
Article:Background:Interventional pain management involves diagnosis and treatment of chronic pain. This specialty utilizes minimally invasive procedures to target therapeutics to the central nervous system and the spinal column. A subset of patients encountered in interventional pain are medicated using anticoagulant or antithrombotic drugs to mitigate thrombosis risk. Since these drugs target the clotting system, bleeding risk is a consideration accompanying interventional procedures. Importantly, discontinuation of anticoagulant or antithrombotic drugs exposes underlying thrombosis risk, which can lead to significant morbidity and mortality especially in those with coronary artery or cerebrovascular disease. This review summarizes the literature and provides guidelines based on best evidence for patients receiving anti-clotting therapy during interventional pain procedures.Study design:Best evidence synthesis.Objective:To provide a current and concise appraisal of the literature regarding an assessment of the bleeding risk during interventional techniques for patients taking anticoagulant and/or antithrombotic medications.Methods:A review of the available literature published on bleeding risk during interventional pain procedures, practice patterns and perioperative management of anticoagulant and antithrombotic therapy was conducted. Data sources included relevant literature identified through searches of EMBASE and PubMed from 1966 through August 2018 and manual searches of the bibliographies of known primary and review articles.Results:1. There is good evidence for risk stratification by categorizing multiple interventional techniques into low-risk, moderate-risk, and high-risk. Also, their risk should be upgraded based on other risk factors.2. There is good evidence for the risk of thromboembolic events in patients who interrupt antithrombotic therapy. 3. There is good evidence supporting discontinuation of low dose aspirin for high risk and moderate risk procedures for at least 3 days, and there is moderate evidence that these may be continued for low risk or some intermediate risk procedures.4. There is good evidence that discontinuation of anticoagulant therapy with warfarin, heparin, dabigatran (Pradaxa®), argatroban (Acova®), bivalirudin (Angiomax®), lepirudin (Refludan®), desirudin (Iprivask®), hirudin, apixaban (Eliquis®), rivaroxaban (Xarelto®), edoxaban (Savaysa®, Lixiana®), Betrixaban(Bevyxxa®), fondaparinux (Arixtra®) prior to interventional techniques with individual consideration of pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the drugs and individual risk factors increases safety.5. There is good evidence that diagnosis of epidural hematoma is based on severe pain at the site of the injection, rapid neurological deterioration, and MRI with surgical decompression with progressive neurological dysfunction to avoid neurological sequelae.6. There is good evidence that if thromboembolic risk is high, low molecular weight heparin bridge therapy can be instituted during cessation of the anticoagulant, and the low molecular weight heparin can be discontinued 24 hours before the pain procedure.7. There is fair evidence that the risk of thromboembolic events is higher than that of epidural hematoma formation with the interruption of antiplatelet therapy preceding interventional techniques, though both risks are significant.8. There is fair evidence that multiple variables including anatomic pathology with spinal stenosis and ankylosing spondylitis; high risk procedures and moderate risk procedures combined with anatomic risk factors; bleeding observed during the procedure, and multiple attempts during the procedures increase the risk for bleeding complications and epidural hematoma.9. There is fair evidence that discontinuation of phosphodiesterase inhibitors is optional (dipyridamole [Persantine], cilostazol [Pletal]. However, there is also fair evidence to discontinue Aggrenox [dipyridamole plus aspirin]) 3 days prior to undergoing interventional techniques of moderate and high risk. 10. There is fair evidence to make shared decision making between the patient and the treating physicians with the treating physician and to consider all the appropriate risks associated with continuation or discontinuation of antithrombotic or anticoagulant therapy.11. There is fair evidence that if thromboembolic risk is high antithrombotic therapy may be resumed 12 hours after the interventional procedure is performed.12. There is limited evidence that discontinuation of antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel [Plavix®], ticlopidine [Ticlid®], Ticagrelor [Brilinta®] and prasugrel [Effient®]) avoids complications of significant bleeding and epidural hematomas.13. There is very limited evidence supporting the continuation or discontinuation of most NSAIDs, excluding aspirin, for 1 to 2 days and some 4 to 10 days, since these are utilized for pain management without cardiac or cerebral protective effect.Limitations:The continued paucity of the literature with discordant recommendations.Conclusion:Based on the survey of current literature, and published clinical guidelines, recommendations for patients presenting with ongoing antithrombotic therapy prior to interventional techniques are variable, and are based on comprehensive analysis of each patient and the risk-benefit analysis of intervention.Key words:Perioperative bleeding, bleeding risk, practice patterns, anticoagulant therapy, antithrombotic therapy, interventional techniques, safety precautions, pain.

Interventional Pain Management for Cancer Pain: An Analysis of Outcomes and Predictors of Clinical Response.
Article:Background:Interventional procedures are offered routinely to patients seen in McGill University's interdisciplinary cancer pain management program. However, publications on these procedures are scarce, making it difficult to predict which patients may benefit from them.Objectives:We hypothesized that interventional pain procedures offered to cancer patients could provide relief of pain as well as other symptoms. Furthermore, some variables may predict the efficacy of such procedures.Study design:We conducted a retrospective chart review of interventional pain management procedures.Setting:The procedures reviewed were conducted at the Cancer Pain Program and performed at the interventional suites of the McGill University Health Centre.Methods:The retrospective chart review included interventional pain management procedures performed between June 2015 and March 2017. Demographic data, details about the underlying cancer and about the procedure and peripTrocedural patients' reported outcomes were recorded for analysis.Results:Eighty-two of 126 procedures were included for analysis. Most patients presented with metastatic disease (75%). Eighty percent of the patients reported pain relief, with the average pain severity decreasing by more than 2 points on a 0-to-10 Numeric Rating Scale for pain (from 6.5 of 10 to 4.2 of 10). Forty-three percent of patients were considered responders (>= 50% pain relief). Responders also reported a significant decrease in fatigue, depression, anxiety, drowsiness, and improved well-being. Among responders, average daily opioid use decreased significantly, by 60% on average. None of the analyzed variables correlated with the response; however, psychosocial variables like anxiety and depression showed a nonsignificant trend towards predicting procedure failure.Limitations:The core limitations of this study are its size and retrospective nature.Conclusions:In this cohort of cancer pain patients, interventional cancer pain procedures provided effective pain relief and other benefits, including pain relief, reduced burden of symptoms, and reduction of opioid intake, while demonstrating a favorable safety profile. Patients with poorer ratings of depression and fatigue derived less benefit from procedures, suggesting that offering such procedures as part of patients' treatment plan would be sensible, rather than leaving interventions for later stages.

[Interventional Pain Management - Are Targeted Infiltrations Efficient?].
Article:Interventional Pain Management - Are Targeted Infiltrations Efficient?Abstract.Interventional Pain Management offers a low-risk, partially invasive, but ultimately non-structurally altering targeted intervention option. It has the potential to point on the nociceptive structure and to relieve pain and improve function. Thereby spine surgery can be regularly avoided.

Interventional Therapies for Pain in Cancer Patients: a Narrative Review.
Article:Purpose of review:Pain is a prevalent symptom in the lives of patients with cancer. In light of the ongoing opioid epidemic and increasing awareness of the potential for opioid abuse and addiction, clinicians are progressively turning to interventional therapies. This article reviews the interventional techniques available to mitigate the debilitating effects that untreated or poorly treated pain have in this population.Recent findings:A range of interventional therapies and technical approaches are available for the treatment of cancer-related pain. Many of the techniques described may offer effective analgesia with less systemic toxicity and dependency than first- and second-line oral and parenteral agents. Neuromodulatory techniques including dorsal root ganglion stimulation and peripheral nerve stimulation are increasingly finding roles in the management of oncologic pain. The goal of this pragmatic narrative review is to discuss interventional approaches to cancer-related pain and the potential of such therapies to improve the quality of life of cancer patients.

Pain specialist management of sexual pain-III. Neuromodulation.
Article:Introduction:Some women with sexual pain do not respond to conservative multi-modal care modalities. Neuromodulation is a group of methods which alter nerve activity by delivering electrical energy or pharmaceutical agents directly to target neural structures. Multiple forms of neuromodulation may provide durable treatment options to fill the unmet therapeutic need of a certain population of women with chronic sexual pain.Objectives:To provide a current review of neuromodulation treatments used for female sexual pain and introduce neuromodulation techniques which may be applied in novel ways to specific sexual pain phenotypes.Methods:Internet, PubMed and Cochrane Library were searched for relevant articles on female sexual pain within the clinical purview and scope of practice of pain management.Results:A thorough review of the literature was conducted to include basic science studies, clinical trials, systematic reviews, consensus statements, and case-reports. A sampling of information on real-world patient outcomes was included. The amount and quality of evidence for neuromodulation to treat female sexual pain is low-moderate. Descriptions of neuromodulation procedures for sexual pain were made and clinical studies reviewed. The effects of autonomic nervous system (ANS) dysregulation on the experience of pain were discussed with consideration of interventional procedures to facilitate restoration of ANS equilibrium.Conclusion:Treating female sexual pain is complex. There are considerable numbers of women who have unsatisfactory sexual pain relief despite evidence-based interdisciplinary care. These women may benefit from referral to consider neuromodulation treatment options. Neuromodulation is a relatively new capability in the arsenal of pain management and other specialists that can be considered for women with treatment refractory sexual pain.

Patient perspectives on interventional pain management: thematic analysis of a qualitative interview study.
Article:Background:Chronic pain is a widespread problem that is usually approached by focusing on its psychological aspects or on trying to reduce the pain from the pain generator. Patients report that they feel responsible for their pain and that they are disempowered and stigmatized because of it. Here, we explored interventional pain management from the patient's perspective to understand the process better.Methods:A purposive sample of 19 subjects was interviewed by an independent interviewer. The interviews were transcribed into text and thematic analysis was performed.Results:The subjects' perceptions covered three key themes: themselves as objects; the caregivers, including the process of tests and retests, the encounters and interactions with professionals, and the availability of the caregivers; and finally the outcomes, including the results of the tests and treatments and how these inspired them to think of other people with pain. Linking these themes, the subjects reported something best described as "gained empowerment" during interventional pain management; they were feeling heard and seen, they gained knowledge that helped them understand their problem better, they could ask questions and receive answers, and they felt safe and listened to.Conclusions:Many of the themes evolved in relation to the subjects' contact with the healthcare services they received, but when the themes were merged and structured into the model, a cohesive pattern of empowerment appeared. If empowerment is a major factor in the positive effects of interventional pain management, it is important to facilitate and not hinder empowerment.Trial registration:Clinicaltrials.gov 2013-04-24 (Protocol ID SE-Dnr-2012-446-31 M-3, ClinicalTrials IDNCT01838603).

Perioperative Pain Management in Hand and Upper Extremity Surgery.
Article:Perioperative pain management in surgery of the hand and upper extremity relies on a multimodal approach involving systemic, local, and presurgical considerations. A pain management plan should be tailored to each patient. Management of pain of patients undergoing upper extremity surgery begins before surgical intervention and continues postoperatively. Patient education, setting expectations, psychological interventions, and addressing risk factors associated with postoperative pain are critical to successful pain management. Intraoperative anesthesia is accomplished via a variety of means. Cryotherapy, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, acupuncture, massage, and localized heat are used in concert with pharmacologic therapies postoperatively to continue pain management.

Neurological pain relief interventional radiology procedures.
Article:Neurological interventions have taken on a significant role in interventional radiology (IR) practice. Indications fall under three main categories: (1) intraprocedural pain management, (2) cancer pain palliation, and (3) chronic non-cancer pain control. Short-term regional anaesthesia can be achieved with local anaesthetics, while longer-term pain control can be attained with radiofrequency neuromodulation (pulsed or otherwise) or thermal/chemical neurolysis. This review article summarises the therapeutic options, applications, and techniques of commonly used peripheral nerve and plexus interventions in IR.

Update on Interventional Management of Neuropathic Pain: A Delphi Consensus of the Spanish Pain Society Neuropathic Pain Task Force.
Article:Background and Objectives:Interventional management of neuropathic pain (NP) is available to the patients who do not obtain satisfactory pain relief with pharmacotherapy. Evidence supporting this is sparse and fragmented. We attempted to summarize and critically appraise the existing data to identify strategies that yield the greatest benefit, guide clinicians, and identify areas that merit further investigation.Material and Methods:A two-round Delphi survey that involved pain clinic specialists with experience in the research and management of NP was done over an ad hoc 26-item questionnaire made by the authors. Consensus on each statement was defined as either at least 80% endorsement or rejection after the 2nd round.Results:Thirty-five and 29 panelists participated in the 1st and 2nd round, respectively. Consensus was reached in 20 out of 26 statements. There is sufficient basis to treat postherpetic neuralgias and complex regional pain syndromes with progressive levels of invasiveness and failed back surgery syndrome with neuromodulation. Radiculopathies and localized NP can be treated with peripheral blocks, neuromodulation, or pulsed radiofrequency. Non-ablative radiofrequency and non-paresthetic neuromodulation are efficacious and better tolerated than ablative and suprathreshold procedures.Conclusions:A graded approach, from least to most invasive interventions has the potential to improve outcomes in many patients with common refractory NP conditions. Preliminary promising data warrant further research on new indications, and technical advances might enhance the safety and efficacy of current and future therapies.

Primary Care-Based Interventional Procedures for Chronic Pain.
Article:Chronic pain interventions in the primary care setting can provide temporal relief and are best used as part of a comprehensive treatment plan. Interventional therapies may use steroids, local anesthetic, saline, prolotherapy, no medication at all (dry needling), acupuncture, or transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation. These interventions may include adjuvant modalities, such as ultrasound, to improve precision and accuracy of injection. Choice of interventional therapy for chronic pain in the primary care setting is highly dependent on the clinician, location, and cause of the pain as well as a multitude of patient factors, which are discussed in this article.

Improving paediatric pain management in the emergency department: An integrative literature review.
Article:Background:Children presenting to the emergency department continue to experience suboptimal pain management. While evidence-based pain management interventions are available to clinicians, effective and sustainable practice change is yet to be achieved. This practice gap requires a collaborative approach to knowledge translation targeting systems of care.Objectives:The purpose of this review was to explore systems level change in the emergency department for improved paediatric pain management.Design:Integrative review.Data sources:CINAHL, Embase, PubMed/Medline, Dynamed, Cochrane, Scopus, Prospero and Joanna Briggs Institute were systematically searched, and clinical guidelines and reference lists scanned.Review methods:Studies were screened and selected according to the inclusion criteria, and independently appraised for risk of bias. Integrative review methodology informed data extraction and synthesis, focused on organisational context and engagement, facilitation and implementation of practice change, key components of the pain management interventions, and evaluation.Results:Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria: 18 uncontrolled pretest-posttest and two pseudo-randomised design. Study populations ranged from children with a specific presentation, to all presenting children. All studies adopted a multifaceted approach to organisational change, bundling various interventions including pain assessment tools and management protocols, clinician education, nurse-initiated analgesia, feedback and family engagement. Four studies used local systems analysis to inform interventions and two studies applied an implementation framework. Time to analgesia was the most commonly improved primary outcome. Parent and child sensitive outcomes were assessed in five studies. Interventions that hold the most promise for optimised pain management if embedded in the workplace include nurse-initiated analgesia and family involvement at each stage of pain management in the emergency department.Conclusion:The way forward is to respectfully engage all stakeholders-children, parents and clinicians-to collaboratively develop evidence-based, sustainable solutions aligned with the emergency department context. Guided by an implementation framework, future research designed to creatively translate evidence into practice and facilitate change at a systems level is a priority. Key to this solution is the integration of family involvement in pain management, considering child and family sensitive outcome measures. Effectiveness of new interventions should be evaluated in the short and long term to embed sustainable practice change. Frontline nurses are well placed to lead this transformation in paediatric pain management in the emergency department.

